www.nus.edu.sg/terms.php
1038 National University of Singapore (NUS) - A global university centred in Asia myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About NUS Overview Vision, Mission & Strategy NUS Structure NUS Board of Trustees NUS Management University Administration Faculties & Schools Research Centres/Institutes Corporate Info History Facts & Figures NUS Identity Statutes and Regulations Publications Annual Report State of the University Report Research Report Corporate Brochure NUS at a Glance Knowledge Enterprise Getting Around Campus Map Global Admissions Why NUS? Get to know (N)US! View Ads Academic Calendar Courses and Programmes Undergraduate Admissions Courses Financial Aid How to Apply FAQs Scholarships and Awards Application Status Enquiry Graduate Studies For Overseas Students Student Exchange Programme Undergraduate Admissions Non-graduating Programmes Education Academic Calendar Faculties and Schools NUS Teaching Academy Global Education Incoming Exchange Students Outgoing Exchange Students Awards for Study Abroad Non-graduating Programmes NUS College in Beijing NUS College in Shanghai NUS College in India NUS College in Israel NUS College in Stockhol8a6m NUS College in Bio Valley NUS College in Silicon Valley Graduate Studies Language and Communication Centre for English Language Communication NUS Learning Environment Centre for Development of Teaching and Learning Ctr for Instructional Technology Library NUS Extension NUS Publishing Integrated Virtual Learning Environment Undergraduate Studies General Education Singapore Studies Executive Education Business School Executive Education LKYSPP Executive Education Strategic Technology Management Institute Summer Programme Business School Summer Institute FASS Summer School Programme FOS Summer Programmes NEC Summer Programme Research Office of DP (Research and Technology) Research Institutes and Centres Research Centres of Excellence University-level NUS-affiliated national-level Research Gallery Research Report Enterprise NUS Enterprise NUS Overseas Colleges NUS Industry Liaison Office NUS Entrepreneurship Centre Business Units NUS Extension NUS Press NUS Technology Holdings Pte Ltd Related Organisations Campus Life Campus Life Arts and Culture Sports @ NUS Campus Facilities NUS Coop Dining University Health Centre Security Campus Accommodation Students' Accommodation Guest Rooms Staff Housing Campus Resources Campus Networking IT Resources Library Transportation Internal Shuttle Bus Parking at NUS Student Activities Clubs and Societies NUS Students' Union Student Support Careers and Employment Counselling and Psychological Services International Student Services Student Affairs Student Service Centre Environmental Sustainability Giving Careers@NUS Terms of Use 1561 terms of use Privacy Non-discrimination Statement NUS Home > Terms of Use Terms of Use Copyright Â© The National University of Singapore, 2001 - 2014. All rights reserved. This Web-site and its contents are subject to copyright protection under the laws of Singapore and, through international treaties, other countries. The copyright in the contents and materials available on this Web-site as a whole is owned by the University. However, the copyright in some contents and materials incorporated within this Web-site may be owned by third parties where so indicated. No part of the contents or materials available on this Web-site may be reproduced, licensed, sold, published, transmitted, modified, adapted, publicly displayed, broadcast (including storage in any medium by electronic means whether or not transiently for any purpose save as permitted herein) without the prior written permission of the University. You may view this Web-site and its contents using your Web browser and save an electronic copy, or print out a copy, of parts of this Web site solely for your own information, research or study, provided you (a) do not modify the copy from how it appears in this Web-site; and (b) include the copyright notice "The National University of Singapore, 2001 - 2014" on such copy. The University's crests and logos should never be removed from pages on which they originally appear. The University's webpages should always appear exactly as posted without variation, unless the prior written approval of the University is obtained. You must not otherwise exercise the copyright in the whole or any part of the contents and materials in this Web-site for any other purpose except as expressly permitted by any applicable law or with the University's prior written consent. Trademarks The logo, crest and name of the University or any of its affiliates are trademarks of the University or its affiliates. The University has policies governing the use of its name, including the names of its schools and programs, and its trademarks. The use, reproduction, copying or redistribution of trademarks without the prior written permission of the University or its affiliates is prohibited. All other trademarks appearing on this Web-site are the marks of their respective owners. Links from other websites to NUS website The University supports and encourages good Netiquette. The University should be informed of links from external websites. However, the University reserves the right to require the removal of any links from external websites to the NUS website. Deep linking to NUS web pages is prohibited - any links created by the user to the University's website should be text links containing our domain name and which transfer other visitors directly to our homepage. The University requires that the contents of its website should not appear within the frames of others, nor be accompanied in any way by third-party material that may create a false or mistaken impression in the mind of the viewer about the University's affiliation or association with or endorsement of the third party site, frame, or material. Disclaimer ca7 THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ALL THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEB-SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS". The National University of Singapore ("the University") has used reasonable endeavours to ensure that the information and materials posted on this Web-site are correct at the time of posting. However, the University gives no warranty and accepts no responsibility or liability for the accuracy or the completeness of the information and materials provided here for any purpose whatsoever. No reliance should be made by any user on the information or material so posted; instead, the user should independently verify the accuracy and completeness of the information and/or materials with the originating or authorising faculty, department or other body. The user acknowledges and agrees that the University shall not be held responsible or liable in any way for any and/or all consequences (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, or loss of information) that may be incurred by the user as a direct or indirect result of using, or the inability to use, any materials or contents on this Web-site, even if the University has been advised of the possibility of such damages in advance; and no right of action will arise as a result of personal injury or property damage, howsoever arising, sustained as a result of reference to, or reliance upon, any information contained in, or omitted from, this Web-site, whether through neglect or otherwise. The University reserves the right at any time, from time to time, to make changes to the whole or any part of these terms and/or the services offered on this Web-site as it deems appropriate. This Web-site may contain links to other World Wide Web sites or resources operated by parties other than the University. Such links are provided as a service for the convenience of the users of this Web-site. As the University has no control over such sites and resources, the user acknowledges and agrees that the University is not responsible nor liable for any content or material on or available from such sites or resources. In providing such links, the University does not in any way, expressly or implicitly, endorse the linked sites or resources or the respective contents thereof. The user further acknowledges and agrees that the University shall not be responsible or liable, whether directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or sustained by or alleged to be caused or sustained by the user, in connection with the use or reliance on any information or material available on such linked sites or resources. Â© Copyright 2001-2014 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Home | Search | Site Map | Feedback |Campus Map Last modified on 16 April, 2010 by