www.qs.com/
Quacquarelli Symonds Home Rankings University Rankings Since 2004 our rankings have helped students understand which universities rank the best across the world. QS University Rankings® Home QS World University Rankings ® QS World University Rankings ® Home QS World University Rankings® QS World Univeristy Rankings® by Subject QS University Rankings: Asia QS University Rankings: Latin America Popular Rankings QS World University Rankings® QS World University Rankings® are an annual league table of the top 800 universities in the world and are arguably the best-known and respected rankings of their kind. About the QS World University Rankings QS World University Rankings by Subject QS World University Rankings® by Subject evaluates universities at a more granular level and is based on natural groupings, response levels and expert advice across 26 subject disciplines. About QS World University Rankings by Subject Fairs In over 200 cities annually No other provider has the international expertise and connectivity with market that QS can offer. QS Fairs Home QS Fairs QS Fairs Home QS World MBA Tour QS TopMBA Connect 1–2–1 QS World MBA Tour Premium QS World Executive MBA Tour QS World Grad School Tour QS Connect Masters 1–2–1 QS World University Tour™ QS Scholarships Student recruitment service: QS ADVANCE Popular Fairs The QS World MBA Tour The QS World MBA Tour is the world's largest series of recruitment and information fairs for business school applicants. About the QS World MBA Tour The QS World Grad School Tour The QS World Grad School Tour is a prestigious series of half-day graduate education fairs, created especially for institutions worldwide who wish to recruit international students for Masters and PhD programs across all disciplines. About the QS World Grad School Tour Conferences Conferences & seminars QS organises a series of conferences in both the B2B and B2C space QS Conferences Home QS Conferences Conferences Home QS-APPLE QS-MAPLE QS WorldClass Women in leadership moveon Conference QS in Conversation QS Rankings Events Popular Conferences QS-APPLE QS Asia Pacific Professional Leaders in Education (QS-APPLE) is the prime conference and exhibition for international educators in Asia, Europe, America and Australasia. About QS-APPLE QS-MAPLE QS Middle East and Africa Professional Leaders in Education Conference (QS-MAPLE) is the prime conference and exhibition for international educators in the Middle East and Africa. About QS-MAPLE Online Online With over 12 million visitors to TopMBA.com and TopUniversities.com, QS hosts some of the world's leading higher education web sites. QS Online Home QS Online Online Homepage TopUniversities.com TopMBA.com QS Global–Workplace QS Scorecard Social Media QS Hospitality Courses QS Engineering Courses QS Art & Design Courses Popular Websites QS TopUniversities.com TopUniversities.com is the online home of the QS World University Rankings® and offers the complete web-based solution for prospective international undergraduate students worldwide. About QS TopUniversities.com QS TopMBA.com TopMBA.com is an independent source of authoritative information on MBA applications, business school education and management careers, TopMBA.com also hosts comprehensive, in-depth primary research. About QS TopMBA.com Publications Publications From undergraduate study guides to coffee table books demonstrating the excellence of institutions regionally, QS produce a series of publications for both consumers, and the higher education industry. QS Publications Home QS Publications QS Publications Home QS TopMBA Career Guide & QS TopExecutive Guide QS Top GradSchool Guide QS TopUniversities Guide QS Showcase-AMEA Popular Publications QS TopMBA Career Guide Published twice a year: Spring and Fall, 40,000 copies of the TopMBA Career Guide are distributed annually at the QS World MBA Tour and QS World Executive MBA Tours. About the QS TopMBA Career Guide The QS TopUniversities Guide TopMBA.com is an independent source of authoritative information on MBA applications, business school education and management careers, TopMBA.com also hosts comprehensive, in-depth primary research. About the QS TopUniversities Guide Research Research QS Intelligence Unit (QSIU), the leading higher education research authority produces independent, highly sought-after research for the higher education industry. QS Research Home QS Research QS Research Home Top Business Schools Report QS Stars Consulting Other QSIU Research QS Research QS Global 200 Top Business Schools Report The report enables employers to identify the business schools from which they most actively recruit, without inferring any overall ranking. About the QS Global 200 Top Business Schools Report QS Stars The QS Stars system evaluates universities against a range of important performance indicators based on a ratings method. It awards Stars to an institution, based on a range of criteria and can include universities not traditionally well-placed in rankings. About QS Stars IT Solutions IT Solutions QS unisolution was formed in April 2009 when unisolution, the market-leading supplier of software and services in the area of higher education internationalisation, joined forces with the software business of QS, renowned for their expertise in student recruitment management systems. QS IT Solutions Home QS IT Solutions moveon topapply movein Primary IT Solutions moveon moveon is the world's leading software solution for international relations and mobility management. About moveon topapply topapply offers a comprehensive recruitment software solution for universities and business schools. About topapply Contact us About us Careers The QS Stars ratings system is a new international standard identifying excellence and diversity among the world's universities. View the results here Previous Next Students & Parents Compare ranking results, study destinations, university courses and student lifestyle. Academic Keep up-to-date with rankings and international higher education trends. Media Get the latest news releases, expert biographies or discover potential story ideas. Institutions & Industry Find out what products, services and solutions QS can offer your institution or business. rankings Producing university rankings since 2004. View the global, regional and subject-specific QS rankings. fairs Leaders in undergraduate, postgraduate and MBA recruitment fairs. $1.2 million in scholarships. conferences Participate in our higher education industry and career conferences around the world. online Leading websites and tools to provide the best higher education and business education guidance. publications Check out our latest study guides, career guides and coffee-table print publications. research Highly sought-after research in higher education trends by the QS Intelligence Unit. it solutions Unmatched portfolio of software and online solutions for higher education institutions. University Rankings QS World University Rankings QS World University Rankings by Subject QS University Rankings: Asia QS University Rankings: Latin America Leading Events and Fairs QS World MBA Tour QS Connect 1-2-1 QS World Executive MBA Tour QS World Grad School Tour QS World University Tour QS Publications QS TopMBA Career Guide QS TopGradSchool Guide QS TopUniversities Guide QS Showcase - AMEA Undergraduate degrees Postgraduate courses MBA and EMBA programs Global careers Find the university course you wish to study and a wide range of universities from many countries worldwide, all ranked and rated in our independent world university rankings. About QS | Contact us | QS Press Room Privacy policy | Link to us | Terms & Conditions © QS Quacquarelli Symonds Limited 1994-2014. All rights reserved.