www.wildsingapore.com/places/
EXPLORE?EXPRESS?ACT! wildsingapore homepage search wildsingapore wild places | wild happenings | wild news | make a difference for our wild places nature guides and organised trips | more tips for a nature trip preparing for a shore trip | more shore faqs | shore photography WILD SINGAPORE! There's so much to discover wild forests wild north wild south Bukit Timah Nature Reserve 164ha with trails through primary rainforest and Singapore's highest hill. Tree Top Walk 250m aerial walkway through secondary forest. Lower Peirce Trail 900m wooden boardwalk through secondary forest, skirting the reservoir. MacRitchie Trails 100ha, with trails and boardwalks through secondary forest and along the reservoir. Botanic Gardens Rainforest Trail 6ha of primary rainforest just minutes from Orchard Road! Bukit Batok Nature Park 36ha, featuring a quarry with trails up the hillside through forests with look outs. Pulau Ubin The last unspoilt island in Singapore with kampung life, forests, hills, mangroves, shores, quarries and more. For cycling, walking, camping. Chek Jawa Pulau Ubin Seagrass meadows, mangroves, sandy and rocky shores. Boardwalk soon to be completed. Changi Boardwalk 1.2km coastal boardwalk with views of the sea and Ubin, with heritage trees along the way. Pasir Ris Mangrove Boardwalk 6ha mangroves with boardwalk and 3-storey high birdwatching tower. Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve 130ha, with trails and boardwalks through mangroves and freshwater wetlands. Kranji Countryside Farms, fresh food, fresh air. A chance for city kids to experience the rural lifestyle. the Southern Islands Uniquely Singapore: City Reefs! introduction to our marvellous reefs and shores in the South. Cyrene Reef A special reef in the middle of our port! Pulau Semakau Mangroves, sandy shores, vast seagrass meadows, coral reefs. Birdwatching tours, intertidal walks, sport fishing. Labrador 16ha, forested area adjoining a park and promenade. Our last mainland reef and rocky shore, with seagrass meadows. Sentosa 5ha of natural rocky shore with coral reefs and some seagrasses. Interesting cliff formations with rare native coastal vegetation. Kusu Island 8.5ha, coral reefs and sandy shores, with interesting temples and swimming lagoons. St. John's Island 41ha, mangroves, coral reefs, rocky shores and natural sandy shores. Swimming, camping and chalets. Sisters Islands Two separate islands each with rich coral reefs and sandy shores. Swimming, camping. Pulau Hantu 12ha, coral reefs, mangroves, seagrasses and sandy shores. Swimming, diving, camping. more wild places ... what's on this week from the wildsingapore happenings blog www.flickr.com FREE photos of our wild places. Make your own badge here. Singapore Nature Map A google map with annotations of our wild places on asia is green search | links | about wildsingapore | email Ria wildsingapore website©ria tan 2003 www.wildsingapore.com