www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/registration-adminmatters.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Registration > Administrative Matters   Administrative Matters Submission of Photograph for Student Card (for incoming undergraduate students only) Online submission Submission of Form P Online Pre-Registration Submission of Admission-Related Forms Medical Examination Pre-Enrolment Medical Examination Additional Screening for Students Admitted to Medicine, Dentistry, Nursing and Public Health Medical Examination for Student's Pass Insurance Coverage for Students Reporting at the Registration Centre Updating Mailing Address, Personal and Next of Kin Particulars Declaration of Transfer Option (for current NUS undergraduate students ONLY transferring course)         Submission of Photograph for Student Card (for incoming undergraduate students only) a. Online submission   Students admitting to full-time NUS undergraduate programmes, except for those being sent Form P (refer to paragraph b below) are required to submit their photograph via the online photo submission system. Please accept your admission offer online before you login to the online photo submission system with your Application Number and PIN. The deadline for online photograph submission is the same deadline as the online acceptance of the NUS admission offer. Your photograph submission will be processed within 1 week. Please login to the system again after 1 week to check whether your photograph has been approved. If the photograph is rejected, you are required to re-submit a new photograph before the deadline. All returning NSmen who are admitted in the Special Term of AY2012-2013 (i.e. commencing on 13 May 2013) are required to submit their photograph through the online photo submission system from 15 February to 22 March 2013.For the requirements of the photograph image to be submitted online, please click here.   Back to Top   Online Pre-Registration Before reporting to the Registration Centre, all incoming students are required to update their personal particulars and download the necessary forms to be submitted on Registration Day. It is also mandatory for all incoming students to declare online that they have read and agreed to the following policies, undertakings, and authorization requirements: Code of Student Conduct Release of Liability Student Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy for IT Resources NUS Intellectual Property Policy In addition, international students will also have to indicate online regarding the authorization of medical procedures and the appointment of a local (Singapore-based) representative. Please do the above at the Pre-Registration System by the stipulated deadline as indicated in the Registration Guide or by your faculties / schools. (Navigation: Self-Service > Student Admission > Pre-registration > Information for Students) Should students require help with regards to the online pre-registration, please contact the following: Undergraduate Students UG Registration Graduate Students (Coursework and Research) GD Registration Non-Graduating Students NG Help For students who require assistance on other aspects pertaining to admission, please contact the faculty directly. Applicants to the Bachelor of Technology programmes may email to BTech Admission. Applicants to the various Graduate programmes may refer to the webpage on the list of Graduate Programme Contacts.   Back to Top   Submission of Admission-Related Forms Students who have accepted the offer of admission to NUS must submit the following form by the deadline as stipulated in the offer letter. Reply on Offer of Admission (for printing of your Student Card) The Reply on Offer of Admission is relevant to graduate research students. You must submit the form in one of the following ways:      By mail to : By personal drop-off at:     Registrar’s Office National University of Singapore #UHL-04-01 University Hall Lee Kong Chian Wing 21 Lower Kent Ridge Road Singapore 119077 Student Service Centre Yusof Ishak House, Level 1 31 Lower Kent Ridge Road Singapore 119078      You may check whether the University has received this reply form through the Graduate Admission (GDA) system three weeks after you have sent out the form. If your form has been received and processed, your admission status in the GDA system will be updated as "Offer Accepted".     Back to Top      Declaration of Transfer Option (for current NUS undergraduate students transferring course) Current NUS undergraduate students who have been studying for a semester or more and are successful in their application to transfer to another course of study must declare if they wish to start the new course on a clean slate or with a full credit transfer (i.e. to transfer all modules previously taken including credits, grades and CAP to the new course of study). Starting the new course of study on a clean slate would mean that there will be no waiver, credit transfer or exemption of modules. Those opting for a full credit transfer should note that the relevant Faculty shall then decide which modules may be used to satisfy the relevant graduation requirements. Generally, modules accepted for credit transfer/exemption/waiver must not have been used towards earning a degree at NUS or another institution and the minimum residency requirement is applicable to the new programme of study. Students transferring to Dentistry, Law or Medicine will have to start on a clean slate as the transfer of modular credits and CAP is not applicable to these courses. Faculty of Engineering students who are transferring to another course of study within the Faculty will have to opt for full credit transfer. If you do not exercise your option by the stipulated deadline, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your application for a transfer of course and you will therefore remain in your original course of study. Please indicate your option at: Declaration of Transfer Option     Back to Top   Reporting at the Registration Centre Please be prepared to spend around 45 minutes to complete the registration process at the Registration Centre. This does not include the time needed if you wish to enquire about or purchase notebooks from the computer vendors stationed at the Registration Centre as part of the notebook ownership scheme and to participate in the matriculation fair organized by the NUS Student Union. For the registration schedule, please click on the relevant link below. Undergraduate Students Graduate Research Students Non-Graduating Students   Back to Top   Medical Examination a. Pre-Enrolment Medical Examination   Admission to NUS is subject to your good health and absence from organic diseases. All successful applicants (undergraduate and graduate students) are required to undergo a medical examination, which may be done by your own physician either in Singapore or in your home country or at the University Health, Centre (Health Service), located at Level 1, 20 Lower Kent Ridge Road, NUS. For your convenience, you are strongly encouraged to have your medical examination at UHC. Please check the UHC webpage for information on the medical examination and the examination schedule.  You are required to bring the Pre-enrolment Medical Report when you have your medical examination at UHC: Undergraduate students – The Pre-enrolment Medical REport is contained in the Freshmen Guide which will be enclosed in the offer package from the Office of Admissions. Graduate students -  The personalized Pre-enroment Medical Report will be enclosed with your admission offer letter If you choose to consult your own physician, please submit the completed medical examination report (inclusive of the chest X-ray report), to UHC on or before the day you report for registration. Unless you hear from us, you may assume that the University has received your medical report and that it is in order.     b. Additional Screening for Students Admitted to Medicine, Dentistry, Nursing and Public Health   Undergraduate students – Compulsory screening for immunity to Hepatitis B, Chickenpox and Rubella for all undergraduate medical, dental and nursing students must be done in the year of enrolment regardless of previous screening and/or immunization. Please visit http://www.med.nus.edu.sg/corporate/ on the detailed health requirements. Graduate students – Screening for immunity to Hepatitis B for graduate students admitted to Medicine, Dentistry, Nursing and Public Health is required if their studies require them to be in contact with patients or human blood, tissue, etc. Please check with your respective department/school on the detailed health requirements. All candidates are encouraged to have their screenings and immunisations done at the University Health Centre (UHC) Level 1, 20 Lower Kent Ridge Road, Singapore 119080. Please check the UHC webpage for more information regarding the pre admission medical examination. If you choose to be screened by a registered medical practitioner of your choice, you must submit to UHC satisfactory proof of such screening and immunization (where necessary).     c. Medical Examination for International Students for Student's Pass   All international students who plan to stay in Singapore for 6 months or more will need to undergo and pass a medical examination which must include a HIV test for the application of the Student's Pass. The HIV test and medical examination can be done in your home country or in Singapore, including at UHC. The medical practitioner will have to complete 2 forms – (a) the Pre-enrolment Medical Report Form and (b) the medical form for the Student's Pass application, which is sent to you with the Offer Letter of Admission. The medical report must be completed in English. Please check the UHC webpage for information on the cost of the medical examination. The original copy of both the radiologist report on the chest x-ray and the laboratory report on the HIV test must be attached to the completed medical report and submitted to the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority within 3 months of issue.   Non-graduating students are not required to do the medical examination if they are in Singapore for less than 6 months.     Back to Top   Insurance Coverage for Students All full-time undergraduate, graduate students and non-graduating students are required to subscribe to an insurance scheme provided by the University. Back to Top             Quick Links Registration Main Page Registration Guides Submission of Photograph for Student Card (for Undergraduate Students only) Pre-Registration System Acceptance Record Student's Pass Social Visit Pass Application for Late Registration Form (for Undergraduate Students only) Office of Student Affairs Student Service Centre University Health Centre FAQs - Undergraduate - Graduate - Non-Graduating Contact Us - Undergraduate - Graduate - Non-Graduating       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office