megamarinesurvey.blogspot.sg/2010_11_01_archive.html
Mega Marine Survey of Singapore Singapore's first Comprehensive Marine Biodiversity Survey! Pages Home about faqs field prep contact Friday, November 26, 2010 Launch of the Survey! (26 Nov 10) A very large group of enthusiastic volunteers gathered for the official launch of the Comprehensive Marine Biodiversity Survey of Singapore! It was really exciting to learn more about how the Survey came about, and the plans for the months ahead! Read more » Posted byRia Tanat10:45 PM0comments Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels:event,news Newer PostsOlder PostsHome Subscribe to:Posts (Atom) Posts Atom Posts All Comments Atom All Comments join the Survey! Want to volunteer for the Survey? Register your interest in this form and you'll be invited to join the mailing list to receive updates on the Survey and sign up for Survey activities. Singapore's Southern shores Where? What habitats? What biodiversity? Click on image for more! on facebook Latest tweets #MegaMarine Tweets about "#MegaMarine" latest photos from our flickr group Southern Expedition on Channel NewsAsia Northern Expedition on RazorTV video clips of the survey Loading... for registered volunteers quick links Survey mailing list Sign up for trips on the database labels event(6) expedition(6) field session(21) lab session(8) news(40) Northern Expedition(33) outreach(5) Southern Expedition(32) archives ?  2013(43) ?  August(2) ?  July(2) ?  June(16) ?  May(16) ?  April(1) ?  March(2) ?  February(3) ?  January(1) ?  2012(50) ?  December(2) ?  November(4) ?  October(22) ?  September(4) ?  July(2) ?  June(2) ?  May(2) ?  April(2) ?  March(6) ?  February(1) ?  January(3) ?  2011(32) ?  December(1) ?  November(2) ?  October(3) ?  September(5) ?  August(4) ?  July(5) ?  June(1) ?  May(2) ?  April(3) ?  March(1) ?  February(1) ?  January(4) ? 2010(5) ?  December(2) ? November(1) Launch of the Survey! (26 Nov 10) ?  August(2) recent posts from Singapore marine action blogs Adventures with the Naked Hermit Crabs 26 Apr (Sat) morning: Free guided walk at Chek Jawa - Specially for family and kids! Celebrate Earth Day with this FREE guided walk at the Chek Jawa boardwalk with enthusiatic volunteer guides from the Naked H... 4 days ago Bleach Watch Singapore Western Australia coral reefs at risk from highest ocean temperatures in 215 years - High ocean temperatures off the West Australian coast are “unprecedented since at least 1795” and pose a significant threat to the state’s coral reefs, sci... 1 week ago News from the International Coastal Cleanup Singapore First Meeting of the ICCS Coordinators – new Zone Captains! - We held the first meeting of the ICCS Zone Captains last Friday, and it was lovely to welcome new volunteers who have stepped forward to help with operatio... 2 weeks ago Cyrene Reef Exposed! Been to Cyrene: Exotic destination for students! - "Cyrene Reef: not many people get to visit Cyrene, and even fewer know of its existence, for the matter!" says Tyronne Toh who shared about his experiences... 1 month ago teamseagrass Of mud and seed banks: Adventures with Seagrass-Watch, 2nd - 3rd Feb 2014. - So this is a totally belated post btw, I was supposed to do it, but all the thesis writing made it very difficult to face a computer and type stuff, so I p... 2 months ago Pulau Hantu Magnificent Kusu Island – an urban reef - Hantu Blog volunteers made a visit to Kusu Island on 26 Jan to explore more of Singapore’s marine life! We had to set out at dawn to catch the best tide fo... 2 months ago Mangrove Action Squad Malaysia’s Mangrove Forest Rapidly Depleted And Degraded - Source: Bernama Published on 4th September, 2013 by Jailani Hasan LABUAN (Bernama) — Mangrove forests in Peninsula, and Sabah and Sarawak are being rapidly... 7 months ago Project Driftnet Singapore Driftnet traps sharks, horseshoe crabs, stingrays on Pulau Semakau (9 Aug 2013) - Sadly, but not surprisingly, we came across a driftnet during our National Day visit to Pulau Semakau.In the short portion of the net that I surveyed, I sa... 8 months ago singapore got marine life meh? 15 fabulous facts about our shores city reefs our shores are special! visit our shores! info for visitors about our shores join shore walks kusu reefwalk with BWV st. john's island with TMSI chek jawa with NParks sentosa and chek jawa boardwalk with the naked hermit crabs more nature activities on wildsingapore happenings you CAN make a difference more on wildsingapore and latest on wildnews more online marine resources wildsingapore fact sheets easy intro to our common marine life Nature in Singapore latest journal articles Coral reefs of Singapore all about our reefs National Biodiversity Centre checklists and more Seashore life of Singapore on-line guidebook Marine fishes of Singapore on-line guidebook IYOR flickr group site FREE high res marine photos free Singapore marine life posters A4-size full colour posters! Download FREE from wildsingapore flickr Posts Atom Posts All Comments Atom All Comments Followers view the stats Travel template. Powered by Blogger.