www.ema.gov.sg/eis
Energy Market Authority Singapore Government Contact Us Sitemap Feedback FAQs Home Industries Electricity Gas Clean and Renewable Energy District Cooling Policies & Regulations Electricity Gas District Cooling Programmes & Incentives Electric Vehicles Test-Bed Pulau Ubin Micro-grid Test-Bed Intelligent Energy System Pilot Energy Research and Development Electricity Futures Market Demand Response Programme Human Capital Development Singapore Energy Award Online Services ELISE Online Application for Electricity Licenses Online Application for Gas Licenses Online Application for Classification as Embedded Generation Facility and Price Neutralization Under the Market Rules Search for Licensed Workers e-Subscribe Consultation Current Consultations Papers Archives About Us Overview of EMA Vision, Mission and Values Board Members Corporate Structure Milestones Awards and Achievements Annual Report Our Service Commitment News Media Releases Speeches Newsletters Replies to Forum Letters Events Archives Careers Overview Current Opportunities Who We Look For What We Offer Your Development Scholarships Internships Resources Facts & Figures Energy Information Directory Other Resources Electric Vehicles Test-Bed Pulau Ubin Micro-grid Test-Bed Intelligent Energy System Pilot Energy Research and Development Electricity Futures Market Demand Response Programme Human Capital Development Energy-Industry Scholarship Singapore Energy Award Energy-Industry Scholarship Text Size : Home > Programmes & Incentives > Human Capital Development > Energy-Industry Scholarship SINGAPORE’S FIRST DEDICATED SCHOLARSHIP FOR THE POWER SECTOR Energy powers almost all facets of our lives from watching television programmes to keeping the food fresh in our refrigerators. In Singapore, all these activities take place on the back of a resilient and reliable power infrastructure. Fuelled by our growing demand for energy, the sector is set to grow significantly over the next 10 years, in tandem with Singapore’s economic growth. From generating the electricity that businesses and industries need, building of Singapore’s first Liquefied Natural Gas Terminal to catalysing energy research such as smart grids – the Power sector is abuzz with exciting developments. Embark on a rewarding, meaningful and stable career today. Eligibility Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents who will be / are currently pursuing relevant engineering courses (e.g. mechanical, electrical, power engineering related courses) at the local Institute of Technical Education (ITE), polytechnics or universities (i.e. NTU, NUS, SIT, SUTD). Institution/Category Full-Term Scholarship Mid-Term Scholarship* Institute of Technical Education âœ“ NA Polytechnic âœ“ âœ“ University (NTU, NUS, SIT & SUTD) âœ“ âœ“ * Open to current students with more than two academic years remaining at the point of application Application Period Application for the EIS is closed.  The next application cycle will open in January 2015. Scholarship Value The EIS will cover the following, where applicable. Tuition fees One-time allowance (to purchase items related to his or her studies, such as computers and books) Monthly living allowance Hostel allowance Overseas exchange allowance Field trip allowance Co-curricular activity allowance Scholarship Opportunities Industrial Attachments Overseas Exchange Programme Scholar Management (e.g. mentorship) Invitation to closed door events to interact with industry participants Sponsoring Organisations For the inaugural launch in 2014, the six Power sector organisations offering the EIS are Sembcorp Industries Ltd, Senoko Energy Pte Ltd, Singapore LNG Corporation Pte Ltd, Singapore Power Ltd, Tuas Power Generation Pte Ltd, and YTL PowerSeraya Pte Ltd. You may choose which sponsoring organisation you would like to apply to.             Bond Period Scholars will be bonded to their respective sponsoring organisations upon completion of their studies. The bond period will commensurate with the duration of the scholarship on a one-to-one basis. Please refer to the table below for more information. Scholarships and the bond period Type of Scholarship University (NTU, NUS, SUTD) University (SIT) Polytechnic ITE Year 1 (Full-term award) 4 years 2 years 3 years 2 years Year 2 (Mid-term award) 3 years NA 2 years NA Year 3 (Mid-term award) 2 years NA NA NA Frequently Asked Questions For more information, please click here to see a list of frequently asked questions. Contact For more information on the Energy-Industry Scholarship, email us at: EMA_HumanCapital@ema.gov.sg hide Privacy Statement Disclaimer Rate our website Terms of Use Copyright © 2010 Energy Market Authority. All Rights Reserved.