www.streetdirectory.com/food_editorials/meals/dinner_meals/roast_beef_dinner_recipe.html
d44c Roast Beef Dinner Recipe eg. Dinner Ideas Beverages Alcoholic Drinks Beer Guide Beverage Drink Cocktail Drinks Gourmet Coffee Tea Guide Wine Guide Cuisines Asian Food European Food International Food Pastry Baking Ideas Bread Recipe Cake Recipe Homemade Cookies Pie Recipe Cooking Barbeque Recipe Chicken Recipes Cooking Seafood Cooking Tips Cooking Utensils Festive Recipes Herbs and Spices Meat Recipes Recipe for Salad Recipe Ideas Soup Recipe Meals Breakfast Menu Dinner Ideas Food Guide Lunch Food Meal Planning Pasta Recipe Restaurant Guide Steak Recipe Snacks Cheese Food Chocolate Guide Pizza Menu Sauce Recipes Snack Food Health Food Fruit Facts Healthy Diet Organic Food Types of Nuts Vegetable Guide Vegetarian Recipe Food Advisor Food Images User Reviews Restaurants By Cuisines Restaurants By Districts SD Editorials Travel Resources Business Health Medical Automobiles Technology Home Interests Family Women Roast Beef Dinner Recipe A wonderful recipe for coming home Celebrations, this is definitely a sit down family dinner, one that invites conversation at the dinner table. The aroma's that bring back so many memories fill the house! Ingredients: 3 pound beef bottom roast 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil 3 cups baby carrots 1 large can whole mushrooms 10-16 oz 1 large yellow onion chopped 1 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pepper 1 package brown gravy mix 1/4 cup flour Heat oil in large skillet over medium high heat. Coat the beef with flour and cook in the oil about 5 minutes on each side to lightly brown, then place the carrots, mushrooms and onions in a 5 to 6 quart slow cooker. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and place the beef on top of the vegetables. Mix 12 ounces of water with gravy mix and pour over beef. Cover and cook on low heat 8 to ten hours or until beef and vegetables are done and tender. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve with mashed potatoes, this roast gives you the perfect gravy to top the potatoes, and a variety of vegetables, salad and rolls with real butter. Find more recipes in our Cooking and Dining Magazines @Up2Tempo. Users Reading this article are also interested in: Beef Stew Recipe, by Up2tempo Chinese Recipe Of Beef With Broccoli, by Articleboss Leftover Beef Recipe, by Larisa Noga Top Searches on Dinner Ideas: • Roast Beef Recipe • Best Beef Roast Recipe About The Author, Up2tempo Owner of Up2Tempo located in Cincinnati, Ohio selling a variety of Cooking and Dining Magazines and sharing some of my favorite recipes. Dinner Ideas • Cheap Dinner Recipes For Concerned Budget Bashers • Easy and Healthy Dinner Recipes • Quick And Easy Peppery Spinach Quesadillas • Healthy Dinner Recipes: What to Know About Portion Sizes • Italian Recipes - How About A Dinner In Rome? • Romantic Recipes - French Dinner • Dinner Recipes for Your Family • Simple Easy Cold Appetizers - The Best Rated Appetizer Recipes • Beef Roast - Its Whats for Dinner! • Dinnerware Set • An Introduction To Rehearsal Dinner Etiquette • Tips On Spotting Good Dinner Services • Perfect Dinner Party • Dinner with Mexican Cooking • How to Get Home-Cooked Dinner Fast • Crabbing for Fun and for Dinner • Corelle: A Quality Made Dinnerware • What To Make For Dinner? • Tips For -hosting A Dinner Party • Top Ten Dinner Restaurants » More on Dinner Ideas   FoodEditorials Meals Resources offers ideas for Breakfast Meals, Lunch Meals & Dinner Meals. Find out all you need to know about Meal Planning for daily meals. Also, browse through the Restaurant Guide to find out out the best places for Food like Pasta and Steaks. Need faster Access? Try our Local Hosting Sites Asia : Singapore - Malaysia - Indonesia | America : USA Contact Us | Submit Articles | Author Listings © 2014 Streetdirectory & Foodeditorials