www.cit.cmu.edu/
53fd Welcome to the College of Engineering Skip all navigation and go to the primary content on this page. Skip the social network links and go to the main navigation. Skip the social network links and the main navigation and go to the secondary navigation. Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Flickr iTunes Carnegie Mellon Engineering Departments Biomedical Engineering Carnegie Mellon University in Rwanda Carnegie Mellon University in Silicon Valley Chemical Engineering Civil & Environmental Engineering Electrical & Computer Engineering Engineering & Public Policy Information Networking Institute Institute for Complex Engineered Systems Joint Institute of Engineering (SYSU-CMU JIE) Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Education Our Approach Vision and Mission Graduate Studies Undergraduate Studies International Programs Multidisciplinary Degree Programs: Energy Science, Technology and Policy Engineering & Technology Innovation Management Colloids, Polymers and Surfaces Integrated Innovation MBA and Engineering Integrated 5-year Program Global Education The Dean’s Perspective Distinguishing Characteristics Research Strategic Initiatives Centers & Institutes From Research To Reality Partner With CIT Undergraduate Research Giving Making An Impact Giving to CIT Profiles in Giving Contact the Development Office About CIT CIT at a Glance The Dean’s Office Department Heads Events Calendar Visiting CIT Multimedia Engineering Rankings Innovation & Entrepreneurship Search Close CMU Celebrates 100th Carnival in Pittsburgh and Silicon Valley Five College of Engineering Individuals Named QIT Health Innovators Fellows Vibration Analysis: The "Wave" of the Future CEE Alum Promotes Healthy Lifestyles with LunchBots Global Partners: Erica Fuchs at Davos Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Companies Media Parents & Visitors Global Education News Carnegie Mellon Wireless Researchers Seek To Improve Emergency Alert Messaging Continue Reading... Media Advisory: Carnegie Mellon Civil Engineering Students Host Regional Competition Continue Reading... Media Advisory: Carnegie Mellon Information Networking Institute Hosts "Lean In: A C-Level Perspective From Women In Technology" Panel Continue Reading... Media Advisory: Overseas Press Club, Carnegie Mellon's College of Engineering To Host Discussion of "The Future of Cybersecurity and Global Journalism" Continue Reading... See all news Innovation & Excellence Excellence at CIT The College of Engineering ranks among the leaders in the world for engineering research and education. Learn more about the college's accolades in our About CIT and Engineering Rankings pages. Participate in CIT's strategic planning efforts to help ensure continued excellence at the college.  Innovation & Entrepreneurship CIT fosters an environment for innovation and entrepreneurial spirit. Learn about CIT's efforts in innovation and entrepreneurship.  Events April 9: Silicon Valley Distinguished Lecture. Room 118, CMU Silicon Valley Campus or 1201 CIC DEC, Pittsburgh Campus April 10 – April 12: Spring Carnival; No Classes. Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh Campus April 10: Olympus Spring Carnival Show&Tell 18 . McConomy Auditorium, Jared. L. Cohen University Center April 11 – April 12: Women in Cybersecurity Conference. Nashville, TN April 11: Larry Cartwright Celebration. Singleton Room, Roberts Engineering Hall April 12: Carnival West. Moffett Field, Carnegie Mellon University Silicon Valley Campus April 14: CyLab Seminar: Hong. CIC Building April 15: ChemE Seminar: Anderson. 1112 Doherty Hall April 15: Working with Technology. Singleton Room, Roberts Engineering Hall April 15: BME Seminar: Pautler. 103 Margaret Morrison Hall April 15: Elemental Film Screening from Sustainable Earth & Engineers Without Borders. Connan Room: University Center See the full event calendar Mentions Advance Notice of DHTI RFP 2014On April 10, the Disruptive Health Technology Institute (DHTI) will announce the 2014 Request for Proposals, kicking off its second round of funding opportunities. DHTI is seeking proposals from CMU faculty directed at addressing pressing issues in health care and improving community health and wellness. Awards are intended to support research that identifies disruptive health care innovations which can be clinically tested and rapidly delivered to a clinical setting or practice in the field.  Call for Proposals: Northrop Grumman FellowshipsThe deadline for the Northrop Grumman Fellowships is June 6, 2014. The Northrop Grumman Fellowship provides merit-based awards to doctoral students in the College of Engineering who are conducting multidisciplinary research that is associated with strategic directions within ICES. The award must be used to cover tuition; this year, there are sufficient funds to award two fellowships in the amount of $6,000 each. If you have inquires regarding this call for proposals, please contact Burak Ozdoganlar (burakoz@andrew.cmu.edu) or Alicia Angemeer (adbrown@andrew.cmu.edu or 412-268-5227).  Read More Call for Proposals: Dowd-ICES FellowshipsThe deadline for the Dowd-ICES fellowship is May 19, 2014. The fund is intended to provide support for graduate students proposing work on cutting edge research projects that currently do not have other sources of funding. CIT faculty are invited to submit proposals electronically to Alicia Angemeer at adbrown@andrew.cmu.edu.  Read More See all of the mentions Home Education Research Giving About CIT Carnegie Mellon University RSS Events Site Map Top of Page College of Engineering Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213