www.imre.a-star.edu.sg/
Home   Corporate Our Institute Mission, Vision & Core Values A*STAR's Visiting Investigatorship Programme Key Contacts   Talent   Research Our Areas of Research Analysis & Characterisation Design & Growth Patterning & Fabrication Synthesis & Integration SERC nano Fabrication, Processing and Characterisation (SnFPC) Our Programmes, Centres and Joint Labs Consumer Care Technology Programme Sensors & Transducers Programme Advanced Energy Storage Laboratory Molecular Materials Laboratory Facilities & Equipment SERC Research Programmes A*STAR Metamaterials Programme Innovative Marine Antifouling Solutions for High Value Applications (IMAS) Research Factsheets Patents Design & Growth Materials Analysis & Characterisation Patterning & Fabrication Synthesis & Integration Consumer Care Technology Programme Sensors & Transducers Programme Publications Design & Growth Materials Analysis & Characterisation Patterning & Fabrication SERC Nanofabrication and Characterisation (SnFPC) Synthesis & Integration Consumer Care Technology Programme Sensors & Transducers Programme   Industry Working With Industry MCOI Nanoimprint Foundry IMRE Industry Membership Industrial Coating and Packaging Consortium (ICAP) Success Stories List of Collaborators   Achievements Achievements Awards   Talent Development Secondary and Pre-University Students Undergraduate and Industrial Attachment Students FYP Students Industrial Attachment Students Postgraduate and International Students A*STAR Scholars Research Attachment Scholars Deployment of Scholars Early Career Researchers Scholarship Opportunities in Molecular Materials   Events   Media Media Releases Newsletters IMRE Videos Other Publications Archives IMRE e-News Annual Reports   M3 Conference 5th Molecular Materials Meeting @ Singapore 2015 Registration Programme 4th Molecular Materials Meeting @ Singapore 2014 Confirmed Speakers Abstract Submission EXTENDED: Call for Paper Registration Programme   Careers Career Opportunities Scholarship Opportunities in Molecular Materials   Contact Contact Us Mailing List Getting to IMRE Enquiry / Feedback A*STAR Awards 2014 Click here to find out more... IMRE Seminar on "Molecular Electronics: From Synthesis to Device Fabrication" 10 Apr 14 (Thu) - 10.00am - 11.00am IMRE Seminar on "Micro-/Nanoencapsulation of Bioactive Compounds and Live Cells to Enhance Physical Stability and for Gastrointestinal Targeted Delivery" 11 Apr 14 (Fri) - 02.30pm - 03.30pm     Announcements AWARDS - A*STAR Awards 2014 Apr 14 - IMRE's Dr. Jaslyn Law was conferred the A*STAR Star Employee Award. Adding to this, IMRE was also awarded The A*STAR's Patent Power Award, and the A*STAR Award for Scientist - Entrepreneur. ACHIEVEMENTS - IMRE signs MoU with IMRE signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with NERC-CM and JNMIP Mar 14 - IMRE signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the National Engineering Research Centre for Colloidal Materials (NERC-CM) of Shandong University, China, and the Jinan New Materials Industrial Park (JNMIP), China during a jointly organised IMRE-Shandong University "Materials for New Business Opportunities" workshop. AWARDS - Ms Sherry Sim awarded Excellent Service Award 2013 (Silver) Mar 14 - IMRE's Sherry Sim was awarded the Excellent Service Award 2013 (Silver) by the Public Service Division in recognition of her contribution and commitment to excellent service. ACHIEVEMENTS - IMRE signs MoU with Universiti Brunei Darussalam (UBD) Jan 14 - IMRE signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Universiti Brunei Darussalam (UBD), Brunei, to conduct joint research. MEDIA RELEASE - Materials Centre of Innovation established to benefit SMEs Jan 14 - The new Materials Centre of Innovation, a collaboration by IMRE and SPRING Singapore will offer solutions or create new products for commercialisation while assisting local SMEs in breaking new ground through the development of proof-of-concepts, product prototyping or fabrication scaling. MEDIA RELEASE -IMRE's ACM Biolabs markets technology that can speed up drug discovery Jan 14 - IMRE's spin-off company, ACM Biolabs, will market novel plastic cell membranes to be used as low-cost, easily maintained drug targets that help shorten the drug discovery process. ACHIEVEMENTS - IMRE signs MoU with Shandong University, China Jan 14 - IMRE signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Shandong University, China, to conduct joint scientific and technological cooperation, academic exchanges and talent cultivation. JOINT MEDIA RELEASE - IMRE's Tera Barrier invents new packaging plastic that protects as good as aluminium foil Jan 14 - Tera-Barrier Films (TBF) Pte Ltd, a spin-off from IMRE, invented a new stetchable plastic film using a nano-inspired process that makes the material as effective as aluminium foil in keeping air and moisture at bay. AWARDS - Dr Chin Jia Min was awarded the L’Oreal For Women in Science National Fellowship 2013 Nov 13 - Dr Chin Jia Min was awarded the L’Oreal For Women in Science National Fellowship 2013 for her effort to create sustainable materials and processes that can contribute to improved environmental sustainability. AWARDS - Dr Cheng Jinting awarded Young Researcher Collaborative Grant (YRCG) Nov 13 - Dr Cheng Jinting was awarded the Young Researcher Collaborative Grant (YRCG) at the A*STAR Scientific Conference 2013. AWARDS - IMRE's collaborator, Nanoveu Pte Ltd is a double gold medal winner Nov 13 - Nanoveu Pte Ltd, IMRE's collaborator in the nanoimprint-based Eyefly3D, was a double gold medal winner of the prestigious Asia Pacific Infocomm Tech Alliance Award 2013. AWARDS - EyeFly3D awarded Prestigious Engineering Achievement Award 2013 Sep 13 – EyeFly3D won the Technology Innovation category in the Institution of Engineers Singapore (IES) Prestigious Engineering Achievement Awards 2013. MEDIA RELEASE - IMRE and its partners launches new Nanoimprint Foundry Sep 13 - A*STAR’s Institute of Materials Research and Engineering (IMRE) and its partners launched a new Nanoimprint Foundry that will develop, test-bed and prototype specially engineered plastics and surfaces for the specific purpose of commercialising the technologies. ACHIEVEMENTS - Prof Hor elected as President of FACS (Federation of Asian Chemical Societies) Aug 13 – Prof Andy Hor, Executive Director of IMRE was elected by the Executive Council (EXCO) of the Federation of Asian Chemical Societies (FACS) as President of FACS for a 2-year term from 20 Aug 2013. AWARDS - Federation of Asian Chemical Societies (FACS) honors IMRE scientist Aug 13 - IMRE Principal Scientist, Prof Tamio Hayashi, was honoured by the Federation of Asian Chemical Societies (FACS) at the 15th Asian Chemical Congress. AWARDS - IMRE wins A*STAR's : The Outstanding Publications (TOP) Award 2013 Apr 13 - IMRE wins A*STAR's The Outstanding Publications (TOP) Award 2013. This award recognizes RI with quality publications per Research Staff in high impact journals as at 31 Dec of the previous year. JOINT PRESS RELEASE - New Singapore plastic film is the future of 3D on-the-go Apr 13 - Temasek Polytechnic (TP) and A*STAR’s Institute of Materials Research and Engineering’s (IMRE) new nano-engineered screen protector that turns the ordinary screens of handheld devices into 3D displays will be marketed by start-up, Nanoveu Pte Ltd. The unique plastic film can also potentially be used as next generation security tokens employed by banks and corporations. AWARDS - IMRE's industry partner, Nanoveu Pte Ltd was awarded the ASEAN Outstanding Engineering Achievement 2013 Nov 13 - IMRE's industry partner in the nanoimprint-based Eyefly 3D, Nanoveu Pte Ltd, was awarded one of the region’s most prestigious engineering honours, the ASEAN Outstanding Engineering Achievement 2013. AWARDS - Sofshell Pte Ltd - IMRE spin-off wins Special Recognition ‘Use of Technology’ Initiative or Programme Award at 1st Asia Pacific Eldercare Innovation Awards Apr 13 – Sofshell Pte Ltd, a spin-off from IMRE, won the Special Recognition ‘Use of Technology’ Initiative or Programme award at the 1st Asia Pacific Eldercare Innovation Awards. The company develops flexible, impact-resistant composite material for body armour and protective padding that effectively prevents blunt force trauma and can be used in eldercare and sports applications. AWARDS - A*STAR Employee Award & A*STAR Most Inspiring Mentor Award 2013 Apr 13 - Dr Wong Chia Woan and Dr Karen Chong were conferred the A*STAR Employee Award & A*STAR Most Inspiring Mentor Award 2013 respectively at the A*STAR Workplan Seminar 2013. AWARDS - Singapore Science and Engineering Fair (SSEF) 2013 Mar 13 - A number of junior college students' research projects, which were mentored by IMRE researchers, garnered awards at this year’s Singapore Science and Engineering Fair (SSEF). These included two golds, three bronzes and two merit awards. The junior college students worked on a variety of projects that dealt with metamaterials, membranes and organic solar cells, etc. MEDIA RELEASE (18 March 2013): IMRE and Hoestar develop wireless sensors to monitor 'health' of machinery The wireless piezoelectric sensors track vibrations and stresses that affect machinery and increases productivity by saving time, reducing manual checking and offering precision at detecting defects via its automated remote monitoring. all issues   Welcome to IMRE The  Institute  of  Materials  Research  and  Engineering  (IMRE) is a research  institute  of  the  Agency  for  Science,  Technology  and Research  (A*STAR). The Institute has capabilities in materials analysis & characterisation, design & growth, patterning & fabrication, and synthesis & integration. IMRE also focuses on applications of materials through a number of speciality laboratories and programmes. These include consumer care technology, sensors & transducers, advanced energy storage, molecular materials, bioinspired materials, soft surfaces and interfaces, plasmonics and semiconductor heterostructures, advanced porous materials and nanocomposites. We house a range of state-of-the-art equipment for materials research including development, processing and characterisation. We collaborate actively with other research institutes, universities, public bodies, and a wide spectrum of industrial companies, both globally and locally. Our initiatives in various public-private consortia and an industry-themed prototyping foundry help promote the adoption of materials-based technologies by companies.   Videos   Core Research Capabilities Programmes, Labs and Centres SERC Research Programmes   Materials Analysis & Characterisation Design & Growth Patterning & Fabrication Synthesis & Integration SERC nano Fabrication, Processing and Characterisation (SnFPC) Sensors & Transducers Programme Advanced Energy Storage Laboratory Consumer Care Technology Programme Molecular Materials Laboratory Nanocomposites Centre Microfluidics Systems Biology (MSB) Lab A*STAR Metamaterials Programme Innovative Marine Antifouling Solutions for High Value Applications (IMAS)             Staff Access| sitemap| mail us Best viewed with Internet Explorer version 8 and above. 3, Research Link, Singapore 117602 Tel: (+65) 6874-8111 Fax: (+65) 6872-0785   © 2014 Institute of Materials Research and Engineering. All rights reserved.