giving.nus.edu.sg/why-give/benefits-of-giving
91ac Benefits of Giving myEmail Library Map Calendar ä¸­æ–‡ NUS Website Internet Staff Directory Home Why Give? History of Giving in NUS Impact of Giving Benefits of Giving Our Champions, Our Ambassadors Volunteer Where to Give Giving to Students Giving to Academics Giving to Research Global Asia Institute Giving to Facility Improvement Giving to a School Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences NUS Business School School of Computing Faculty of Dentistry Saw Swee Hock School of Public Health School of Design and Environment Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Law Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy NUS Graduate School for Integrative Sciences and Engineering Faculty of Science Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Music Yale-NUS College University Town University Scholars Programme Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School How to Give Make a Gift Annual Giving Phonathon Commencement Class Giving Faculty and Staff Giving Alumni Giving Reunion & Class Giving Leadership Giving News and Events News Events Photo Gallery Videos Newsletters The Power of Potential About Us The Development Office (DVO) Mission Statement Downloads Careers Contact Us Standard Terms and Conditions for Gifts IPC Disclosure Information Give Now History of Giving in NUS Impact of Giving Benefits of Giving Our Champions, Our Ambassadors Volunteer Home > Why Give? > Benefits of Giving Benefits of Giving As a donor to NUS, you can enjoy tax benefits, have your gift matched by the Singapore government and receive naming opportunities. Tax Benefits Matching Grants Naming Opportunities Recognition Tax Benefits If you are a Singapore tax resident, your gift to NUS is eligible for a tax deduction that is 2.5 times the gift value. If the tax deduction for the gift is more than your taxable income for the year, you are allowed to carry forward the unutilised deduction for a maximum of five years. Corporate donors can also carry forward unutilised donations to subsequent Years of Assessment up to a maximum of five years. Matching Grants Double the impact of your gift. All eligible gifts attract the prevailing 1:1 matching grant from the Singapore government. Endowed gifts for undergraduate studies receive the enhanced 1.5:1 matching. Naming Opportunities To recognise the generosity of our donors, NUS offers naming opportunities. You can make a gift to honour individuals such as mentors or loved ones, or corporations or foundations. Recognition Your contribution may be acknowledged by the NUS community through our internal publications and website. I want to give back to society what society has given to me. I am hoping my Bursary will benefit someone who will in turn contribute back to society so this philosophy of giving will grow. - Dr George S. C. Wong, who set up the George S. C. Wong Bursary Why Give? History of Giving in NUS Impact of Giving Benefits of Giving Our Champions, Our Ambassadors Where to Give Giving to Students Giving to Academics Giving to Research Giving to Facility Improvement Giving to a School How to Give Make a Gift Annual Giving Reunion & Class Giving Leadership Giving News and Events News Events Photo Gallery Videos Newsletters About Us The Development Office (DVO) Mission Statement Downloads Careers Contact Us Standard Terms and Conditions for Gifts IPC Disclosure Information   © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Standard Terms and Conditions for Gifts Privacy Non-discrimination Sitemap Feedback Campus Map Last modified on April 09, 2014 by the Development Office