www.sembcorp.com/en/careers-scholarships.aspx
Sembcorp Group Websites| Contact Us| Site Index| RSS Feeds| Home About Sembcorp Quick Facts Brand Vision Board of Directors Technology Advisory Panel Key Executives Group Structure Technology & Innovation Awards & Accolades Our Businesses Utilities Energy Water On-site Logistics & Solid Waste Management Marine Urban Development Our Global Presence Utilities    - Energy    - Water    - Solid Waste Management Marine Urban Development Sustainability Our Approach Managing Sustainability Material Issues Investor Relations Stock Information Financial Information Quarterly Results Events Calendar Annual Reports Stock Exchange  Announcements News & Multimedia Centre News Multimedia Centre Careers Why Sembcorp Scholarships Join Us Recruitment Fraud Why Sembcorp Talent Management & Leadership Rewards & Benefits A Dynamic Team Scholarships About Sembcorp Scholarships FAQs Join Us Recruitment Fraud Related Links Quick Facts Brand Vision People Home > Careers > Scholarships Scholarships As a Sembcorp Scholar, you will be immersed in a dynamic and challenging work environment that is geared towards helping you succeed alongside like-minded individuals. You will have boundless opportunities to learn the different aspects of our global business with the professional guidance and support of the company. We believe in grooming our scholars to take on senior management positions by providing them on-the-job training. Those who perform well in the course of their work placements will have opportunities to further your studies through sponsorships. We also take great pride in charting a comprehensive training and career development plan for you, to ensure that you grow personally and professionally in Sembcorp. We are looking for leaders and team players who are passionate about making a difference, not just for this generation but also for future generations to come. If you possess the drive and determination to succeed in an environment that will fulfil your career aspirations, we invite you to push your limits with us. Join us today and become a part of the Sembcorp family! “Here at Sembcorp, we are forward-thinkers. In every step we take, we always think two steps ahead to give us a strategic edge and ensure that we maintain our leading position in the industry. I find working in such a dynamic environment very exciting and fulfilling.” Valerie Lee, Trader, Sembcorp Cogen Back to top Disclaimer | Copyright © Sembcorp Industries. All rights reserved.