www.wildsingapore.com/places/cj.htm
EXPLORE?EXPRESS?ACT! wildsingapore homepage search wildsingapore wild places | wild happenings | wild news | make a difference for our wild places nature guides and organised trips | more tips for a nature trip preparing for a shore trip | more shore faqs | shore photography chek jawa introduction | guided tours | links to older info Chek Jawa 1ha intertidal flats with seagrasses, sand flats, coral rubble surrounded by coastal forest and mangroves with visitor centre, boardwalk and tower Chek Jawa is an intertidal flat on Pulau Ubin, an island just off Changi Point. What's so special about Chek Jawa? The beauty of Chek Jawa is that several different ecosystems can be seen in one small area. These ecosystems and the plants and animals found there are no longer common in Singapore. They are also fast disappearing elsewhere in the world. Coastal Hill Forest The hill overlooking Chek Jawa is covered with trees and plants that shelter and feed a variety of animals. Many plants and animals in this coastal forest are no longer commonly seen on mainland Singapore. Some of the rare birds you may spot include the Oriental pied-hornbill and the Red junglefowl. The liquid bubbling song of the Straw-headed bulbul is often heard. Among the beautiful and unusual trees you may see are the Critically Endangered Delek air tree and the Seashore nutmeg. The new tower gives a panoramic view of Chek Jawa. Mangroves The mangroves of Chek Jawa have many interesting plants and animals. Mangrove trees have unusual shapes and properties as they are adapted to being covered in seawater at high tide and to grow in soft mud. The new boardwalk into the mangroves bring you close to these trees as well as the marvellous Nipah palms. Fiddler crabs and mudskippers are the highlight of a visit to the mangroves. Rocky shore Chek Jawa is among the few places left with a natural rocky shore, gravel beach and other interesting rock formations. At low tide, we can have a closer look at some of the strange animals that live here, including barnacles, crabs and fierce shell-drilling snails. Under the rocks are even more amazing animals such as living cowries, sea stars and fast flat crabs. Sandy shore and sand bar The sandy shore teems with tiny crabs which, if undisturbed, go about their amusing antics at low tide. The sand bar is the backbone of Chek Jawa and provides a home for all manner of intriguing creatures such as the sand dollar. The sand bar is also a popular rest stop for shorebirds that fly in from as far away as Siberia. Overhead, majestic birds of prey hunt for fishes in the sea. Seagrass lagoon A calm, shallow lagoon lush with seagrasses and seaweeds form behind the sand bar. In the seagrass meadows, a rich variety of marine creatures shelter during the low tide. First-time visitors are often stunned by the carpet anemones which are bigger than your face and come in a stunning variety of colours. At some times of the year, the seagrass may be dotted with colourful sea cucumbers. Other seagrass dwellers include secretive crabs and snails. A lucky visitor may also encounter sea hares, squids and mantis shrimp. Coral Rubble Area The coral rubble area near the front beacon is probably the richest part of Chek Jawa and also the most fragile. Rarely exposed, even at low tide, this area shelters delicate sea creatures that prefer to be submerged most of the time. The big red Knobbly sea star is a favourite! Others include sponges in bewildering shapes and colours, delicate fan worms and even living corals! Octopuses, seahorses, nudibranchs and colourful flatworms are some of the other amazing residents of this special part of Chek Jawa. No poaching please Please do not remove any wildlife from the shore. Poaching of hard corals and other sealife threatens this precious shore. Please do not poach. Report poachers to NParks at 1-800-4685736. More about guided tours on Chek Jawa. Boardwalk and facilities quick facts In 2007, the boardwalk at Chek Jawa was launched. Facilities include a visitor centre at House No. 1 with a viewing jetty, a 1.1km boardwalk (Mangrove and Coastal Loops), and the 20-m Jejawi Tower with a panoramic view of the surroundings. See map of the boardwalk. The facilities are open daily 8:30am and 6pm. Admission is free. Here's more photos of the boardwalk No cycling on the Chek Jawa boardwalk as the 'planks' are made of concrete and cycling will fracture them. Bicycles are to be parked at designated bicycle park area near Punai Hut about 50m from the Visitor Centre (ask for a bicycle lock if you are renting your bicycles on Ubin). Vans can be hired from Ubin Town and will drop off visitors at Punai Hut as well. More details on the NParks website More tips for visitors More on how to get to Pulau Ubin, and from there to get to Chek Jawa. More about preparing for a trip to the shores More FAQs about visiting the shores How to take photos on the shores. Links General information Chek Jawa updates field trips, coastal works and other news from the wild shores of singapore blog. Chek Jawa Mortality and Recruitment Project Kok Sheng's project to monitor the aftermath of the 2007 mass deaths at Chek Jawa. Chek Jawa—What's so special? by Joseph Lai about the special ecosystems found on Chek Jawa. NPark website: how to get there, about public walks. Chek Jawa: the original website for efforts prior to deferment of reclamation detailing public education, scientific work, checklists, websites, galleries, visitor comments, proposals to the authorities. Maps Map of Chek Jawa boardwalk. Old map of ecosystems on Chek Jawa (from the Chek Jawa guidebook). Media articles on Chek Jawa Forgotten sister of Chek Jawa gets protection Permits needed to visit Pulau Sekudu Aditi Shivaramakrishnan, The New Paper 11 Mar 08; Chek Jawa guided tours no longer free From next month, groups of up to 15 will be charged $60 Shobana Kesava, Straits Times 12 Dec 07; New Amenities At Chek Jawa Wetlands Now Open From 8 July 2007, Visitors Can Tour Chek Jawa Seven Days A Week NParks Press Release 7 Jul 07 No more Chek Jawa tours - for now Boon Chan Straits Times 25 Mar 07 Environment and progress can coexist The case of Semakau and Chek Jawa By Sonia Kolesnikov-Jessop International Herald Tribune 19 Sep 06 Mr Joseph Lai and Chek Jawa The Straits Times 19 Aug 06 Waterfront developments Chang Ai-Lien discovers some of the treasures that Chek Jawa in Pulau Ubin holds The Straits Times 9 Aug 05 Nature's rescuers Meet the men and women who have made it their job to protect our precious greenery. By Chang Ai-Lien The Straits Times 9 Aug 05 $7m plan unveiled to enhance Chek Jawa experience By Julia Ng Channel NewsAsia , 29 Apr 05 The Ubin adventure begins Jasmine Yin Today Online, 29 Apr 05 Launch of Pulau Ubin Conservation and Management Plans - Ubin-HSBC Volunteer Hub, Chek Jawa, Jelutong Campsite & Bike Park NParks media statement, 29 Apr 05 The much loved babe of Chek Jawa about Priscilla the Pig By Desmond Wong The New Paper 9 Jun 04 Youth to clean up Chek Jawa Today, 18 Sep 04 Priscilla the Pig stories Memories of Priscilla the Pig on the wild shores of singapore blog The much loved babe of Chek Jawa The New Paper, 9 Jun 04: about Priscilla's passing Priscilla of Chek Jawa is no more on Siva's habitatnews In Priscilla's honour: the Grain that made the Pearl and Priscilla in Mr Yeo's heart on Joseph Lai's Field guides and references Wildfact sheets introduction to common marine life in Singapore. Tan, Leo W. H. & Ng, Peter K. L., 1988. A Guide to Seashore Life. The Singapore Science Centre, Singapore. 160 pp. Tan, Ria and Alan Yeo, 2003. Chek Jawa Guidebook. Simply Green. 219p Other references The "green" agenda has gained prominence in recent times A case study of Chek Jawa and Labrador Park in Singapore; a great paper shared on the wonderful creations blog   www.flickr.com FREE photos of Chek Jawa. Make your own badge here. search | links | about wildsingapore | email Ria wildsingapore website©ria tan 2003 www.wildsingapore.com