libportal.nus.edu.sg/frontend/web/about-nus-libraries/library-rules/copying-of-library-materials
008000 Copying of Library Materials Unsupported Browser We have detected that you are using Internet Explorer 6 (IE6), a browser version that is not supported by this website. You may experience difficulties in viewing and accessing certain features of the library portal using this browser. IE6 is no longer supported by Microsoft. Continuing to run IE6 will leave you open to any security vulnerabilities discovered since Aug 2004. To ensure an optimal web experience, we encourage you to either upgrade to newer versions of Internet Explorer or use later versions of other popular browsers (e.g. FireFox, Google Chrome, Safari, etc.). Alternatively, you may want to access the following directly: Library Catalogue (books, databases, e-journals, etc.): http://linc.nus.edu.sg Exam Papers: http://libbrs.nus.edu.sg:8080 Library Account/Renew Loans: https://linc.nus.edu.sg/patroninfo Questions? Email us at Continue to Library Portal (NOT RECOMMENDED) myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact e-CARDS Search in NUS Libraries NUS Website Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About NUS Libraries Vision & Mission Our Service Promise Our Libraries Membership Staff Directory Milestones Statistics Donors' Gallery Library Rules Resources Databases By Title By Type By Subject New Arrivals E-Books By Title By Subject By Publisher By Series New Arrivals E-Journals By Title By Subject By Publisher New Arrivals E-Newspapers Exam Papers FindMore FindMore@NUSL Advanced Search Library Initiatives Digitized Collections Our Databases Our Publications Online Art Galleries LINC LINC LINC (???) Advanced Search RBR Recently Added ScholarBank Services Undergraduates Honours Students Graduate Students Academic/Executive/ Professional Staff Non-Academic Staff External Members Research Help Library Instruction Subject Guides Citation Styles Citation Managers Proxy Bookmarklet FAQ Loans Membership Passwords Facilities More Contact Us Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. NUS Libraries>About NUS Libraries > Library Rules > Copying of Library Materials Copying of Library Materials Who may copy Only Members may photocopy on the self-service copiers in the Library premises, request the Library to photocopy materials from the Collection or otherwise make copies of materials from the Collection, subject to the restrictions and requirements set out in these Rules, in particular Section G. What may NOT be copied or reproduced Works not belonging to the Collection may not be photocopied either through the Library or on the self-service copiers in the Library premises or otherwise copied or reproduced on the Library premises. Works categorised as "Restricted", such as rare books, journals and manuscripts and Works supplied to the Library on the understanding that they would not be reproduced without the written consent of the copyright owner. Unpublished Works (except as provided in paragraph 4(b)(iii) below). Conditions for copying By photocopying, requesting the Library to photocopy or otherwise making copies of materials from the Collection, the Members are acknowledging that: they are making copies of the Works for and on their own behalf; NUS is not privy to or a participant in the copying of these Works and NUS Libraries do not assume any responsibility nor liability for copies of Works made by the Members themselves; and they are solely responsible for the copying of Works made by or for them and their subsequent use thereof. Members are advised that all copies of Works made by them must be for the purpose of research or study, criticism or review (with sufficient acknowledgement of the Work), reporting of current events, judicial proceedings or report of judicial proceedings, or seeking professional advice from or giving professional advice by, an advocate and solicitor, and subject to the limitations set out in paragraph 4 below. If a Member wishes for a copy of an Article in a journal or a copy of the Work to be made by the Library, the Members must: furnish to the Authorised Library Officer a written request in the prescribed form for a copy of the Work to be made; provide a signed declaration in the prescribed form stating that they require the copy for the purpose of research or study and will not use it for any other purpose, and they have not been previously supplied with a copy of the same by the Library or that they have lost, destroyed or damaged any such copy previously supplied to them; and make payment of the applicable charge determined by the Library. Where a Member wishes the Library to photocopy any Work (other than an Article in a journal) in excess of the limits permitted (see paragraph 4(b)(i) below), a written request in the prescribed form must be submitted to the Authorised Library Officer and the request must be approved by the said Officer. Limitations for copyingThe following limits on the copying or reproduction of any Work for the purpose of research or study must be strictly observed: Self-service on the self-service copiers in the Library premises Published books (of at least 10 pages): not more than, in the aggregate, one chapter or 10% of the number of pages thereof. Journals: not more than the whole or part of one Article in a journal unless the Articles relate to the same subject matter. Unpublished Works are not to be photocopied (except with the Library’s assistance, see paragraph 4(b)(iii) below). NUS Examination Papers may be accessed, copied and used only by NUS staff and students in accordance with these Rules. They are prohibited from disseminating the NUS Examination Papers or copies thereof for any other purpose not contemplated by these Rules. Library-operated service Please observe the procedure set out in paragraph 3(c) above. Published books: subject to the limit set out in paragraph 4(a)(i) above. If the copy of the Work contains more than one chapter of the Work or more than 10% of the number of pages thereof, then the approval of the Authorised Library Officer must be sought. Journals: not more than one Article in the same journal unless the Articles relate to the same subject matter. A copy of an unpublished NUS thesis or other similar literary work may only be supplied to a Member who satisfies the Authorised Library Officer that the copy is required for the purpose of research or private study. Unpublished Works other than those specified at paragraph 4(b)(iii) above are not to be photocopied. Electronic Materials Not more than, in the aggregate, 10% of the total number of bytes in the Work; or 10% of the total number of words in the Work or, where it is not practical to use the total number of words as a measure, 10% of the contents of the Work; or one chapter of the Work, where it exceeds any of the limits set out in 4(c)(i) and (ii).   Where the copying or reproduction of a Work is not for the purpose of research or study but for other purposes of criticism or review, reporting of current events, judicial proceedings or report of judicial proceedings, or seeking professional advice from or giving professional advice by, an advocate and solicitor, it is the responsibility of the Members to ensure that their dealings with the Collection are fair in all circumstances and for all purposes. Library's Discretion The Library reserves the right to refuse to make any copies of any Works from the Collection for the Members as well as prohibiting the Members from making copies of any Works from the Collection as it deems fit. Rights Management Information and Circumvention of Technology It is strictly prohibited to remove or alter the rights management information (RMI) relating to a Work or to do any act or provide any device, product or component to circumvent a technological measure which controls access to a Work. Copyright Laws In addition to observation of these Rules, Members are also responsible personally for ensuring observation of all applicable copyright laws in respect of a Work in any form, whether such Work is from the Collection or not. Where these Rules are in conflict with any applicable copyright laws, the latter shall supersede the former. Copyright Warning Copyright is a serious matter and any failure to observe these Rules and copyright laws may expose you to criminal and civil liability. Content updated on 20 Sep 2013 NUS Staff\Student Login NUSNET ID: e.g. (CLBJT or A1234567) Password: Problems logging in? NUS Staff/Students For external members and NUS High School students Opening Hours Central Library 31 Mar-09 May 2014Mon-Sat : 8.00am - 10.00pm Sun : 10.00am - 5.00pm Pub Hol : CLOSED * * Central Library is open on: 18 April 2014 Good Friday 10am - 5pm 1 May 2014 Labour Day 10am - 5pm 10 May 2014 Saturday 8am - 5pm Directions to CL News & Events Citation Metrics Workshop & Webinar Unavailability of CL Training Room (Apr 2014) Renaming of CL Reference Room to Peggy Wai Chee Leong-Hochstadt Room (PH Room) New Library opening hours for Saturdays and Sundays during semester for AY2013/2014 Past year examination papers View All Event Calendar<00212eimg src="/frontend/images/arrow-right.gif;jsessionid=BFHuC-3v+27aaAxhwCoUqQ__.node4" height="9" style="margin-top:-1px;" width="7" /> Event Calendar View All List Blog Posts Sleeping Corner @ NUS Libraries — April Fools Prank 2014 Online guide to music resources Shh… We had a date with MKT1003 students in HSSML ?????????????? Red Queen’s Race View All Find Us At Copyright 2001-2013 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Home | Search |Site Map | Feedback |Campus Map Last modified on 15 May 2013 Best viewed with 1024x768 resolution using at least Internet Explorer 7, Firefox 3.6, Chrome 7 and Safari 4.