mspc.bii.a-star.edu.sg/minhn/intro.html
Topology Independent Comparison of Biomolecular 3D Structures Introduction Algorithm Benchmark Examples Run CLICK Download References Contacts Help Our server is capable ofsuperimposing the 3D structures of biomolecules, the Cartesiancoordinates of whose constituent atoms are presented in the PDBformat. In addition to coordinates, the web server can make use ofsimilarity of other structural features such as secondary structure,solvent accessible surface area, and residue depth to guide thealignment. The server uses the CLICK method of first looking for cliques ofpoints (3 to 7 residues) that are structurally similar in the pair ofstructures to be aligned. Using these local alignments, a one-to-oneequivalence is charted between residues of the two structures beingcompared. A least square fit then superimposes the two structures. CLICK is capable of aligning pairs of Proteins, Nucleic acidstructures, or any other pair of molecular structures with oneanother. The alignments produced, identify structural similarity, evenif the topology of chain connectivity is different. The method alsorecognizes conformational changes that may have occurred in structuraldomains or sub-domains in one structure with respect to the other. Forthis purpose, the server produces complementary alignments between theregions that have undergone a conformational change. The user is required to upload the pair of structures to be aligned inPDB format, or to specify the 4 letter codes for structures that havealready been deposited in the PDB. One or more atoms can be chosen torepresent individual residues of the molecule. Residue solventaccessible surface area, secondary structure, and depth can be chosenas additional structural features to guide the alignment. In thepresent form these additional features are selectively fine tuned forprotein 3D structural alignments. The resulting 3D superimposition of the two structures can be viewedusing the embedded JMol viewer. Below the 3D rendering of thealignment are details of the alignment such as coverage, RMSD,sequence identity, topology score, and fragment score. Help pagesinform the users about how these different measures are computed.Examples of 5 different types of pair-wise alignments are listed forthe information of the user - 1. Proteins that are sequentially, and structurally similar 2. Proteins with multiple chains showing the feature of CLICK to align structures regardless of chain breaks 3. Proteins that are structurally similar but topologically different 4. Multi-domain proteins, where the individual domains in onestructure has a structural equivalent in the other but the relativeorientations between domains in the two structures is different 5. DNA double helical structures In the new version of the server, users choose between the options of pair wise alignments or database searches.With the database search, users can mine for global or local structural similarity between their structure of interest and a database of known structures. Currently, users can search over structural databases of a) Small single domain SCOP fold representatives b) non-redundant (90% sequence identity) set of 22,834 protein chains c) non-redundant set of 4239 human protein chains d) non-redundant set of 1368 DNA e) a set of 2262 DNA-protein complexes f) non-redundant set of 493 RNA The server offers the user the flexibility of uploading their own database, should the default ones be inadequate for their queries. Another unique feature of our server is that the query structure need not be necessarily a whole structure. Fragments of structures are also acceptable as input, as long as there are 7 or more representative atoms. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first web server thatoffers to align 3D structures of biomolecules, not restricted to anyone type. We believe that our server will be of great help toresearchers in the general area of structural biology. Authors: Minh Ngoc Nguyen, Kuan Pern Tan, M.S. Madhusudhan.