www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/socialvisitpass.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Registration > Social Visit Pass for RS Spouse   Sponsorship of Social Visit Pass for Spouse and/or child of Full-time Graduate Research Students The spouse and/or child (unmarried and below the age of 17) of full-time graduate research students may obtain sponsorship from the University for a Social Visit Pass to stay in Singapore. Application should be submitted only after the student has registered with the University and has obtained a Student’s Pass. For graduate coursework, NGS and SMA students, please refer to the respective Faculty/School’s web page or administrator regarding sponsorship matters. 1. First-time Application       a) The graduate student should get his/her spouse and/or child to apply for an entry visa at one of Singapore ’s Embassies or Consulates overseas (for nationals of visa required countries).  When the spouse and/or child arrives in Singapore, s/he will be given a 4-week Social Visit Pass at the airport.       b) The graduate student will have to submit an application for a conversion of the Social Visit Pass to one sponsored by the University.  In this connection, s/he has to submit the following documents:     i) Application for University’s Sponsorship of Social Visit Pass for Spouse and/or child     ii) Undertaking for University’s Sponsorship of Social Visit Pass for Spouse and/or child     iii) Form 14 and Form V39I (Malaysians are not required to submit V39I form) These forms can be downloaded from the ICA Website     iv) A copy of Student’s Pass of graduate student     v) A copy of the marriage certificate (if applicable)     vi) A copy of child’s birth certificate     vii) A copy of the insurance policy for hospitalization and personal accident coverage of each spouse and/or child to be sponsored. it is mandatory for students to take up personal accident and hospitalisation insurance through the University for each sponsored person. Please contact the NUS appointed insurer, MYCG by email lohmayyee@mycg.com.sg or phone 6476 3829 to subscribe to the mandatory insurance policy. Personal health insurance policies will not be acceptable in lieu thereof.     viii) Official receipt for the following payment(s)       1) S$20 administrative fee per application (non-refundable regardless of application outcome or if application is withdrawn after submission)       2) Full-time graduate research students not in receipt of the Research Scholarship, Lee Kong Chian Graduate Scholarship or President's Graduate Fellowship, will have to furnish a deposit of S$5000 for each dependent to be sponsored, which will be refunded (less deduction of any expenses or damages) upon the University being satisfied that the spouse and/or child is no longer in Singapore or that the Social visit Pass has been cancelled. Please download the Administrative Fee and Deposit Payment Form for payment modes and instruction.             Applications should be submitted to the Student Service Centre (SSC), located at Level 1, Yusof Ishak House, 31 Lower Kent Ridge Road, or the Bukit Timah Campus Management Office (BTCMO), located at 469 Bukit Timah Road, Block B, MPA-02-02.           c) Students will be informed via email to collect the University’s endorsement letter, five working days from date of submission.  The graduate student and his/her spouse and/or child will then proceed to the ICA at Lavender Street to submit the forms in person.         d) The spouse and/or child will have to go for a medical examination if the cumulative period of stay in Singapore is six months or longer.         e) Within two weeks of collection of the Social Visit Pass, students are required to submit a copy of the Social Visit Pass to Registrar’s Office, located at University Hall, Lee Kong Chian Wing, #04-01, 21, Lower Kent Ridge Road.  Please indicate the Name of Student, Faculty/Department, Contact No. and Student ID on the copy of the Social Visit Pass.  Please note that the University will withdraw the Social Visit Pass sponsorship if this is not adhered to.         f) Upon expiry of the Social Visit Pass or if the spouse and/or child no longer require(s) the Social Visit Pass during the approved period of sponsorship, the Registrar’s Office should be informed.  This may be done via email to gdhelp@nus.edu.sg, providing particulars of the Student and the sponsored spouse and/or child with documentary proof of the spouse and/or child’s departure from Singapore (e.g., scanned page of passport bearing departure chop) or cancellation of the Social Visit Pass at ICA.         g) Upon submitting proof to Registrar’s Office that the spouse and/or child is/are no longer in Singapore or the Social Visit Pass has been cancelled at ICA, the Student can request for a refund of the deposit by completing the Request for Payment Form (RFP).     2. Application of Extension of the Social Visit Pass       a) To extend a social visit pass already sponsored by NUS, the scholar should submit only:     i) Application for University’s Sponsorship of Social Visit Pass for Spouse and/or child     ii) Form 14 and Form V39I (Malaysians are not required to submit V39I) These forms can be downloaded from the ICA Website     iii) A copy of the insurance policy for hospitalization and personal accident coverage of each spouse and/or child to be sponsored. Please contact the appointed insurer, MYCG by email lohmayyee@mycg.com.sg or phone 6476 3829 to subscribe to the mandatory insurance policy. Personal health insurance policies will not be acceptable in lieu thereof.     iv) Official receipt for the following payment(s):       1) S$20 administrative fee per application (non-refundable regardless of application outcome or if application is withdrawn after submission)       2) Full-time graduate research students, not in receipt of the Research Scholarship, Lee Kong Chian Graduate Scholarship or President's Graduate Fellowship, will have to furnish a deposit of S$5000 (if the deposit has not been made previously) for each dependent to be sponsored which will be refunded (less deduction of any expenses or damages) upon the University being satisfied that the spouse and/or child is no longer in Singapore or that the Social Visit Pass has been cancelled. Please download the Administrative Fee and Deposit Payment Form for payment modes and instructions.       b) Applications should be submitted to the Student Service Centre (SSC), located at Level 1, Yusof Ishak House, 31 Lower Kent Ridge Road, or the Bukit Timah Campus Management Office (BTCMO), located at 469 Bukit Timah Road, Block B, MPA-02-02.       c) Students will be informed via email to collect the University’s endorsement letter, five working days from date of submission.  The graduate student and his/her spouse and/or child will then proceed to the ICA at Lavender Street to submit the forms in person.             d) Upon expiry of the Social Visit Pass or if the spouse and/or child no longer require(s) the Social Visit Pass during the approved period of sponsorship, the Registrar’s Office should be informed.  This may be done via email to gdhelp@nus.edu.sg, providing particulars of the Student and the sponsored spouse and/or child with documentary proof of the spouse and/or child’s departure from Singapore (e.g., scanned page of passport bearing departure chop) or cancellation of the Social Visit Pass at ICA.             e) Upon submitting proof to Registrar’s Office that the spouse and/or child is/are no longer in Singapore or the Social Visit Pass has been cancelled at ICA, the Student can request for a refund of the deposit by completing the Request for Payment Form (RFP).       The endorsement letter from the Registrar's Office may be collected at the Student Service Centre (Level 1, Yusof Ishak House) after 4 working days (from date of receipt of application by the Registrar's Office). The scholar's NUS student card must be produced to collect the endorsement letter. The scholar's spouse is required to complete the formalities in person at the ICA.       Important Notes       i) For a list of countries whose nationals require a visa to enter Singapore , please refer to the ICA website.         ii) For nationals of P.R. China who wish to visit Singapore as independent tourists, they should approach selected tour agencies in China which have been authorized by the Singapore Government to arrange for visas (for more information, please contact the offices of the Singapore Tourism Board in China). Travelers who apply for visas through these tour agencies will no longer be required to put down a security deposit although the tour agencies have the discretion to decide on an individual basis if a particular applicant still needs to put down such a deposit.         iii) Qualified Chinese nationals can also submit applications for Singapore visas at selected branches of the CITIC Industrial Bank located in 17 provinces of China. For more information, please call the following CITIC Industrial Bank telephone numbers: Beijing : 010-6538 0095 or 6621 1767 Shanghai : 021-6350 6350 Guangzhou : 020-8335 9019 Fuzhou : 0591-8760 9952 or 8762 5422         iv) Any incomplete forms or documents may result in non-acceptance or delay in the processing at ICA. NUS will not be responsible for ensuring the completeness of the information submitted by applicant.         v) Official translations of the documents are required if they are not in English Language.         vi) NUS sponsorship of a Research Scholar's spouse and/or child will only for the period of the scholarship, or up to the submission of the thesis for examination, whichever is earlier. If the scholarship is terminated or withdrawn for whatever reasons, the Social Visit Pass for the dependent(s) will also be cancelled unless continued University’s sponsorship is required for which a refundable deposit of S$5000 for each dependent will have to be furnished. For a candidate whose scholarship is expiring, s/he will have to submit an application for an extension of sponsorship by the University and put down the required deposit.         vii) NUS sponsorship of the spouse and/or child of a full time graduate student who is not a Research Scholar is up to the maximum period of his/her candidature, subject to the placement of a refundable deposit of S$5000 with the University.         Viii) NUS will inform ICA to cancel the spouse and/or child’s Social Visit Pass under the following circumstances: Student’s candidature is terminated/withdrawn; Student converts from full-time to part-time study; Student’s conferment of the degree; Student informs that the spouse and/or child no longer require the Social Visit Pass         ix) Students should refer to ICA website for the most up-to-date information. For enquiries, please contact the Registrar's Office at Tel: (65)6516 2302 or email gdhelp@nus.edu.sg.         © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office