www.me.nus.edu.sg/news
bf69 News myEmail IVLE Library Map Calendar NUS Website Internet Staff Directory Home About Us Overview HOD Message Vision and Mission Careers Contact Us Site Map PEOPLE Management Committee Academic Groups Applied Mechanics Control and Mechatronics Energy and Bio-thermal Systems Fluid Mechanics Manufacturing Materials Adjunct Staff Visiting Staff All Staff Prospective Students Undergraduate What is ME? Programme Aeronautical Engineering Automotive Engineering Energy and Sustainability Offshore Oil & Gas Technology What our students say Frequently Asked Questions Admissions Graduate Studies M.Sc M.Eng and Ph.D Current Students Undergraduate Program Overview Educational Objectives Degree Requirements Program Structure Sample Schedules Module Syllabus Module Information Specialisations From 2013 onwards For 2012 Before 2012 Freshmen AY13/14 Design Projects Final Year Project Scholarships Mentor Lists Timetables & Lab Schedules Special Programmes Enhancement Programmes Vacation Internship Programme Industrial Attachment Programme Undergraduate Research Opportunities Programme Student Exchange Programme Design-Centric Programme Global Engineering Programme NUS Overseas Colleges Graduate Studies M.Sc M.Eng and Ph.D Timetables Research Research Themes Adsorption Desalination cum Cooling Technology Bio-Inspired Nano-Tribology Digital Holography Failure Prediction for Composites Flapping Wing Aerodynamics Light Weight Materials Mobile Robotic Manipulation Nanobiomechanics Study of Human Diseases Neuro-sensors Research on Tool-based Micro-Nano-Machining Laboratories Research Labs Control and Mechatronics Dynamics Energy and Bio-thermal Systems Experimental Mechanics Fabrication Support Center Fluid Mechanics Impact Mechanics Manufacturing Materials Nano-machining Neurosensors Associated Labs Healthcare and Energy Materials Laboratories Nano-BioMechanics Micro and Nano Systems Initiative Research Centres BIOMAT Nano-Wafer Level Packaging Program News and Events News Events Home > News News HIGHLIGHTS Why Mechanical Engineering?            Dr Ernest K.J. Chua honoured with IES Prestigious Engineering Achievement Award Asst. Professor Ernest Chua is recognised for his research into clean and sustainable technology. Congratulations! Click here to read more.   NUS ME alumnus, Andrew Ong, is finally fulfilling aviation dreams thanks to Global Merit Scholarship Just one of the many scholarships offered at NUS, the Global Merit Scholarship offered Andrew the chance to experience NUS and ME without distractions. You can also help to realise the dreams of students by clicking here. Click here to read more.   Dr Chui Chee Kong and team awarded NRF's Proof-of-Concept grant Developed by Asst. Professor Chui Chee Kong and team, the "Measurement and Insertion Device (MAID)", which helps post-laryngectomy patients to restore their voice, has won a grant of $250,000 at the 9th Proof-of-Concept (POC) Grant Call organised by the National Research Foundation (NRF). Click here to read more at the Faculty of Engineering website.   A/Prof. Ong Soh Khim awarded Singapore Youth Award-Medal of Commendation 2013 NUS ME Assoc. Professor Ong Soh Khim has been conferred the Singapore Youth Award-Medal of Commendation 2013 for her continued achievements and contributions to society after she was awarded the Singapore Youth Award in 2004. Congratulations! Click here to read more at the Faculty of Engineering website.   Dr Ernest Chua and team develops novel rooftop system Developed by Asst. Professor Ernest Chua and team, the novel hydrogen-producing system sits on NUS Engineering's own rooftop and is capable of powering the communal lights of one floor of a building using only water and sunlight. Click here to read more at the Faculty of Engineering website.   ME students awarded cash prizes at ST Aerospace's Cargo Loading System (CLS) Design Competition Seven teams of NUS ME students took home cash prizes as tokens for outstanding participation in the ST Aerospace CLS Design Competition. Click here to read more.   FSAE team clinches 19th place out of 120 international teams NUS ME congratulates NUS FSAE team 2013 and ME Professor Seah Kar Heng for clinching overall 19th position in the Formula SAEÂ® Michigan competition. The team also placed 10th in the Engineering Design category and wins the title of best car from Asia.  Click here to read more at the Faculty of Engineering website.   NUS ME launches Centre for Aerospace Engineering (CAE) Launched on 20 March 2013 by Mrs Josephine Teo, Minister of State for Finance and Transport, the Centre for Aerospace Engineering offers coordinated and integrated research, education and outreach in aerospace technologies. Click here to read more at the Faculty of Engineering website.   A/Prof Zhang Yunfeng, Prof Jerry Fuh and Dr Wang Yifa awarded Thatcher Bros Prize by IMechE For an innovative approach to resolving rescheduling problems due to machine breakdowns, A/Prof Zhang Yunfeng, Prof Jerry Fuh and Dr Wang Yifa were awarded the Thatcher Bros Prize by the Manufacturing Industries Division of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE). Click here to read more at the Faculty of Engineering website.   Dr Lee Poh Seng and team awarded NRF POC grant Asst. Professor Lee Poh Seng and team receives NRF POC grants for the development of a novel two-phase heat sink for thermal management of power electronics. Read more at the Faculty of Engineering website: http://www.eng.nus.edu.sg/ero/announcement/2013/web-nrfPOC01-13.pdf   Prof Andrew Nee Conferred Honorary Professorship by Tianjing University and Beihang University Professor Andrew Nee was conferred honorary professorship by the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics and Tianjin University in China on the 12th and 16th November 2012 respectively. As a highly acclaimed and renowned researcher in advanced manufacturing research, he has also made significant contributions to the International Academy for Production Engineering (CIRP) and the USA Society for Manufacturing Engineers (SME) and was the first ethnic Chinese to be the CIRP president from 2011 to 2012. Professor Andrew Nee's academic and research philosophy and contributions have led to recognition by the international manufacturing research community and thus he has been conferred honorary, visiting as well as advisory professorships by many top-notch universities. Read more at the Faculty of Engineering website: http://www.eng.nus.edu.sg/ero/announcement/web-andrewnee11-12.pdf   Prestigious medal named after Professor Arun S Mujumdar is awarded to outstanding drying researchers Instituted in 2007, the "Professor A S Mujumdar Medal for Outstanding Mentorship and Excellence in Drying Research" is the first medal to be named after a faculty member from the NUS Department of Mechanical Engineering and has been awarded to seven exceptional drying researchers around the globe thus far. The latest recipient of the award is Professor Emeritus Roger Keey (University of Canterbury, New Zealand), who received the award at the 18th International Drying Symposium (IDS2012) held in Xiamen, China, in November. A key criteria for a recipient of the "Professor A S Mujumdar Medal for Outstanding Mentorship and Excellence in Drying Research" is that he or she must have mentored researchers who have themselves proven to be major contributors to drying R&D, thereby limiting the number of potential awardees around the world. Professor Mujumdar is also the founder of the IDS series, a premier global technical event in drying science and engineering that has led to numerous major drying conferences held each year across four continents. Read more at the Faculty of Engineering website: http://www.eng.nus.edu.sg/ero/announcement/web-arun11-12.pdf   Dr Chui Chee Kiong and team invents device for restoring voice in throat cancer patients A novel one-step system has been developed to allow throat cancer patients to speak within minutes of the procedure. The invention is a result of an Engineering-in-Medicine project led by Dr. Chui Chee Kiong, NUS Department of Mechanical Engineering, and Dr David Lau, consultant ENT surgeon at Raffles Hospital. Not only will this new invention cut down the usual two-week waiting time before patients can speak, it will also reduce discomfort as well as cost for the patient. The system is now ready for clinical human trial. Read more in this Channelnewsasia article http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/health/view/1230121/1/.html and the Faculty of Engineering website http://www.eng.nus.edu.sg/ero/announcement/web-chui10-12.pdf   FSAE team clinches 19th place out of 120 international teams NUS ME congratulates NUS FSAE team 2013 and ME Professor Seah Kar Heng for clinching overall 19th position in the Formula SAEÂ® Michigan competition. The team also placed 10th in the Engineering Design category and wins the title of best car from Asia.  Click here to read more at the Faculty of Engineering website.   © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site map | Feedback | Campus Map Last modified on March 31, 2014. by NUS Mechanical Engineering. JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.