www.streetdirectory.com/travel_guide/main/home/cat-23/property_tips/
1fe52 Tax Sale Property & Tax Sale Properties   Travel Guide & Maps : Singapore - Indonesia - Malaysia Property Tips Resources     Singapore Guide     Existing Members Login New member sign up - FAQ S'pore Weather 26°, Broken Clo... Select More Services - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Singapore Services              Bus/MRT Guide      Driving Directions      Mileage Claims      Planning Tools          Jogging Calculator          Linear Distance        SD Business Finder      SD Food Advisor      SD Tutor Advisor      SD Classifieds      SD Real Estate        S'pore Travel Guide      Singapore Images      Singapore Hotels      - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Regional Services      Currency Converter      Forums      Editorials      Weather S'pore Map Jobs Images S'pore Guide SD Editorials Food Advisor Business Finder Classifieds  more » Search Editorials Editorials All Singapore Malaysia Indonesia eg: Business or ABC Kids or Ocracoke or Nature Art  Category Online Guide for Home Categories • Property Company Tax Sale Property • Waterfront Property • Property Sale Price • Overseas Investment Property   • Real Property Valuation • Premier Property Group • Vacation Home Properties • Apartment Housing • Premium Property   Travel Health Medical Cars Technology   Home   Family Business Interest Woman   Editorials » Home » Property Tips  SEA Travel Guide • Singapore Travel Guide • Indonesia Travel Guide • Malaysia Travel Guide Home Home Decor • Home Flooring • Bathroom Decor • Bedroom Decor • Home Lighting • Furniture • Kitchen Design • Blinds and Curtains • Home Accessories • Interior Design Home Maintenance • Home Appliances • Home Fixtures • Landscaping • Home Improvement • Gardening • Home Security Home & Lesiure • Christmas • Feng Shui • Pets Home Finance • Mortgages • Home Insurance • Home Loans • Foreclosures • International Relocation Real Estate • Property Tips • Real Estate • America Properties • Asia Properties • Caribbean Properties • Dubai Properties • Europe Properties • India Properties Family Resources Family Issues • Family • Retirement • Family Events • Gifts for loved ones • Child Adoptions • Hobbies for the Family Family Relationships • Motherhood • Fatherhood • Parenting Guide • Baby and Toddler • Kids and Teens Guide • Heartwarming Stories All Topics • Automobile Guide • Business • Family Resources • Healthy Living • Hobbies & Interests » Home • Medical • Technology • Travel & Resorts • Woman  Announcements Latest updates and changes on streetdirectory.com. Property Tips Related   Tips for Buying Property in France by Mark Russell. Buy property or real estate in the Limousin - Why I hear you ask - and there are may reasons why you should consider it.. No crime, a sense of community, friendly locals, a good climate and the cheapest properties for sale in France, are just some o... Similar Editorials : Property East France | Tags : Mls Homes For Sale Rent Back : a Face-saving Scheme in the Debt-ridden Times by Derrick Adolfo. If you are faced with a financially crunch situation, there is one good option, you can consider. And that is Rent Back. This is slowly turning out to be an option people have started recognising and going for. This financial scheme provides for you... Similar Editorials : Why Buy To Rent | Tags : To Sell My House Renting a House by Amos Grham. This is indeed a frightening thought for many Australians. However, for many renters, costly house prices are turning the great Australian dream of home ownership into exactly that - a dream.Renters, especially those saving to buy, have survived sev... Similar Editorials : Renting a Car | Tags : Apartments Rent Seven Secrets to Successful Vacation Rentals by Owner by Marie R. Feguson. 1. Screen Your Renters: It is important to know as much as possible about the party that will be staying in your home. Find out as much as you about your potential renters. Ask lots of questions. The more you are informed, the better choices you wil... Similar Editorials : Rio Vacation Rentals | Tags : Rental Property Growing Competition for Vacation Rental Homeowners by Marie R. Feguson. Several homeowner's of vacation rentals have reported increasing difficulty in finding qualified renters. With the rapidly growing number of vacation rentals on the market, competition is on the rise.But, don't get too discouraged. There is good new... Similar Editorials : Appreciating A Vacation Rental | Tags : Real Property Buying Real Estate By Subject To by Kathleen Couch. Buying Real Estate by "subject To"-part II by: Kathleen Couch This is the second part of the two part series on "Buying Real Estate by Similar Editorials : Buying DC Real Estate | Tags : Nc Homes For Sale Finding an Owner Selling Real Estate By Subject To by Kathleen Couch. Buying Real Estate by Subject To-part I by: Kathleen Couch "Subject To" is when you purchase property subject to existing financing already Similar Editorials : Selling Real Estate | Tags : Real Estate Property Sell House Fast and Get Quick Money by Derrick Adolfo. If you are a house owner and if you are in a financially dire situation, one quick way to get access to cash is to sell house fast. This move gives you that much-needed cash to fulfil your urgent monetary requirements. However, in the circumstances ... Similar Editorials : Sell House Fast | Tags : House For Sale By Owner Home Buyers Dirty Tricks by Steve Gillman. The good news for sellers is that most home buyers don't know the following tricks. Even if they did, many would hesitate to use them. Some of them are unfair, but some are just good tough negotiating tactics - I'll let you decide which are which. I... Similar Editorials : Home Buyers | Tags : Tips For Real Estate Maintain your Lawn to Sell your Home by Preston Guyton. Maintain your Lawn to Sell your Home by: Preston Guyton There is really something to be said for a well-kept and well-loved lawn. It is easy to Similar Editorials : All About Lawn Mower | Tags : Help U Sell Real Estate Best Way to Sell your House Fast by shijina. Selling home is simple. When you choose to sell your house fast without real estate agent, you considerably receive benefit for the elimination of the agent's commission. As you are not paying of the traditional huge cost of a selling commission, yo... Similar Editorials : Sell My House Fast | Tags : I Want To Sell My House The Benefits of Buying Real Estate in a Bad Neighborhood by Escapeso Austin Real Estate. When people call me, typically one of the first requests they make is for a house in a "nice" neighborhood. And this makes sense to want a neighborhood that is safe and enjoyable. But there are some benefits to buying real estate in the rough part ... Similar Editorials : Buying Maryland Real Estate | Tags : Rental Properties Rental Income - Six Ways to Protect it by Steve Gillman. How do you maintain and increase the rental income from your properties? Start by keeping your renters happy. That's what the first two of these tips are about.Happy Tenants Mean More Consistent Income1. Find out why tenants leave. Sometimes it is j... Similar Editorials : Residual Income | Tags : Real Estate Tip Buying Property in Tavira in Portugal by Richard Love. The undiscovered gem of the Eastern AlgarveWhen people ask me about Tavira I can honestly say that I sometimes don't really know what to say.Do I tell them about the stunning miles of empty beaches, the fact that the town has its own island just off... Similar Editorials : Property in Portugal | Tags : State Property Real Estate 101: First Time Homebuyers Guide by Kinan Beck. "If you are going to be buying real estate for the first time, the process can seem overwhelming. Indeed, there's a lot to learn. Of course, you'll work with a professional real estate agent who can help you to understand the process, but you should... Similar Editorials : Real Estate | Tags : Austin Homes For Sale Real Estate - Buy or Rent by Knight Frank. The most important question, whether to buy real estate or rent it. Both have got their own merits and demerits. Let us try to analyze a few.First of all let us have a glimpse on the financials. A real estate of less than 1000 sq ft in California mi... Similar Editorials : Real Estate | Tags : Apt For Rent Buying your First Home - Watch Out! by Steve Gillman. If you are buying your first home, there are people who will help you get into all types of trouble. Well, mostly it is one type of trouble: financial. Here are some examples.Watch Out For Real Estate AgentsYou might think that real estate agents wo... Similar Editorials : Buying a Home As | Tags : Wi Homes For Sale Is Owning a Home Always Better Than Renting? by Charles Hebert. Everywhere we turn it seems we are bombarded with the notion that buying a home is always preferable to renting. We hear statements like, 'Young people need to build equity' or 'Rent is just throwing money away' or 'It is never better to rent than ... Similar Editorials : Owning Home Business | Tags : Buy My House Now Home Buying: Important Aspects by Adam Coyle. In buying a home there are certain un-escapable things that will need to be seen to in order for the sale to finish properly. Some people try to shorten the closing time or save some money by skipping steps of the purchase process and nothing good e... Similar Editorials : Buying a Home | Tags : Selling Property Basic Home Buying Tips by Lee Cameron. Basic Home Buying Tips by: Lee Cameron This is intended to be a bit of a primer for the first-time home buyer. Buying a home is a huge decision Similar Editorials : Car Buying Tips | Tags : Tips On Real Estate Service Tax Will Blow Commercial Property Rents Through the Roof by Propertiesmls. The budget proposal of 2007-2008 states that service tax will now be levied on the rent received from the leasing of commercial properties at 12.36%. The imposition of this tax is a step towards broadening the scope of service tax, and imposing extr... Similar Editorials : Commercial Property | Tags : Real Estate Agents Buying Real Estate Property to Flip by Joelane. The majority of real estate investors begin by flipping real estate to make quick money. Although it may sound simple to buy properties and sell them at a higher price to make a profit, there are many factors you must consider prior to making any i... Similar Editorials : Real Estate Property Disclosure | Tags : Sell My House Quick Rent Back : Pay Off your Debts and Also Keep your House by Derrick Adolfo. Rent Back is a popular option during times of financial crunch wherein you sell the property and rent it back to get hold of some quick cash. You can resort to this scheme if you are in need of some cash on an emergency basis. Financial hardships ca... Similar Editorials : Sell And Rent Back | Tags : House For Sell Should I Use a Realtor to Find My Rental Home? by Kinan Beck. "You've decided that you're ready to rent a home. Perhaps you've been living in apartments for a long time and ready to move into a bigger space with a yard but aren't quite ready to commit to buying a home. Making a move like this generally suggest... Similar Editorials : As a Realtor | Tags : House For Rent First Time Home Buyer Guide to Real Estate by Eric Bramlett. Buying your first home is an occasion which marks a very special passage in your life. You are about to go from being a renter to being a home owner which, in a sense, means that you're going to be 'all grown up'. But when you start going through th... Similar Editorials : Real Estate Buyer Lead | Tags : Real Estate Guide     Page 23 of 59 : «Prev | 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 | Next»   Travel Health Medical Cars Technology   Home   Family Business Interest Woman   Add Streetdirectory.com to your favourites! - Make Streetdirectory.com your homepage About » Widgets | T&C | Feedback   For Businesses » Free Ads | Online Advertising | Wall Maps | Text Ads Hotline : Sales 6474 4005 | Marketing & Business Opportunities : 65942755 | (Mon to Fri, 9am to 6pm) Streetdirectory.com, ranked Number 1 Travel Guide in Singapore provides a variety of customized Singapore street directory, Asia hotels, Singapore Images, Singapore real estate, Search for Singapore Private Limited Companies, Singapore Wine and Dine Guide, Bus Guide and S.E.A Travel Guide. Our travel guide includes Singapore Travel Guide, Bali Travel Guide, Bali Maps, Jakarta Travel Guide, KL Travel Guide, Malaysia Guide, Johor Guide, Malacca Guide and is widely used by travelers, expats and tourists around the world. Singapore Jobs Streetdirectory.com Streetdirectory.co.id Streetdirectory.com.my © 2014 Streetdirectory