www.alexa.com/siteinfo/bloomberg.com
4784 Bloomberg.com Site Info Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Search for more   bloomberg.comBloomberg.com Get Certified Metrics Edit This Listing What are Certified Site Metrics? Add to Comparison   Sign Up to Access Site Comparisons Easily compare the traffic, engagement, reputation and demographics of up to 10 sites at a time. Features - Add up to 10 sites to a   Comparison list - Create an unlimited number   of lists - Compare historic Global Alexa   Traffic Ranks - Compare traffic, engagement, reputation, and demographics   (PRO only) Sign Up for a FREE account and start comparing sites now.Create an account Already have a subscription? Login with your Alexa Account Email PasswordForgot your password? Or Login with Facebook Login with Facebook Customize your site listing with your logo, plus add links back to yoursite and much more! Enhanced Site Listings are just one of the featuresyou get with an Alexa PRO subscription. Learnmore about Enhanced Site Listings. I want an Alexa PRO subscription. Sign Up NoworSee all subscription plans I have an Alexa PRO subscription.Sign In View Plans and Pricing How popular is bloomberg.com? Alexa Traffic Ranks The global and country traffic ranks show how popular a site is relative to other sites. Learn more about Alexa's Data Traffic Metrics FAQs Unique Visitors and Pageviews The number of people who visit this site and the number of pages they view.Site owners who install the Alexa Certify Code on their website can chooseto display their Certified Metrics, such as Monthly Unique Visitors andPageviews, if they wish. Coming soon, estimated metrics will be displayedfor many sites if Certified Metrics are not available. Learn more about Certified Metrics Certified Site Metrics FAQs Alexa Traffic Ranks How is this site ranked relative to other sites? Global Rank Alexa Traffic Rank An estimate ofthis site's popularity. The rank is calculated using a combination of average daily visitors tothis site and pageviews on this site over the past 3 months. The site with the highest combinationof visitors and pageviews is ranked #1. Updated Daily 32810 10% Rank in United States Traffic Rank in Country An estimate of this site's popularity in a specific country. The rank by country is calculated using a combination of average daily visitorsto this site and pageviews on this site from users from that country over thepast month. The site with the highest combination of visitors and pageviewsis ranked #1 in that country. Updated Daily 166  % Did you know? You can get the most accurate rank possible by certifying your site's metrics.Find43c1 out how. How engaged are visitors to bloomberg.com? How engaged are visitors to this site? Engagement metrics help you understand how interested a site's visitors are with the site's content. The metrics are updated daily based on the trailing 3 months. Bounce Rate (%) Percentage of visits to the site that consist of a single pageview. Daily Pageviews per Visitor Estimated daily unique pageviews per visitor on the site. Daily Time on Site Estimated daily time on site (mm:ss) per visitor to the site. Bounce Rate 60.50%4.00% 4% Daily Pageviews per Visitor 2.170.91% -0.91% Daily Time on Site 3:212.00% -2% Who visits bloomberg.com? Audience Demographics The audience demographics data comes from voluntary demographics information submitted by people in our global traffic panel. The data is for the past 12 months, updated monthly.Learn more The demographics data consists of: Gender, education, browsing location - available to everyone. Age, income, ethnicity and children - only available to subscribers of the Alexa Pro Insight or Advanced plans. Audience Geography The audience geography data describes where visitors to this site over the past month are located, and how the site is ranked in popular countries. If a country is not listed, it is because Alexa does not have enough data for this site to rank/measure the site's popularity among that country's online population. These metrics are updated monthly. Audience Demographics How similar is this site's audience to the general internet population? Gender Male   The audience for this site among Males is similar to the general internet population. Confidence: high Female   The audience for this site among Females is similar to the general internet population. Confidence: high Education No College   Relative to the general internet population, people who did not go to college are over-represented at this site. Confidence: high Some College   Relative to the general internet population, people some college education are over-represented at this site. Confidence: high Graduate School   The audience for this site among people who went to graduate school is similar to the general internet population. Confidence: high College   The audience for this site among people who went to college is similar to the general internet population. Confidence: high Browsing Location Home   Relative to the general internet population, people browsing from home are under-represented at this site. Confidence: high School   Relative to the general internet population, people browsing from school are greatly over-represented at this site. Confidence: high Work   Relative to the general internet population, people browsing from work are over-represented at this site. Confidence: high Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Insight Plan to view all demographics including age, income, ethnicity and children.View More   Subscribe to view all demographics Gain access to: - Age, income, children, ethnicity   in additon to gender, education and browsing location. - Comparisons of website demographics. Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Insight Plan to view all demographics.Subscribe Already have a subscription? Login with your Alexa Account Email PasswordForgot your password? Or Login with Facebook Login with Facebook Audience Geography Where are this site's visitors located? Visitors by Country You need Flash 8 to view the map. Country Percent of Visitors Rank in Country  United States 45.8% 166  India 5.2% 680  United Kingdom 4.0% 322  Canada 3.6% 213  Japan 2.5% 880  Australia 2.2% 234  South Korea 1.8% 307  Malaysia 1.5% 194  Netherlands 1.4% 272  Indonesia 1.4% 429 More Where do bloomberg.com's visitors come from? Search Traffic The percentage of traffic, both free and paid, that come to this site from a search engine over the past 3 months, updated daily. The change number shows the difference versus the previous 3 month period. Top Keywords from Search Engines The table shows the top keywords that sent traffic to this site from major search engines over the past 6 months. The list is updated monthly. Upstream Sites Upstream sites are sites that people visited just before they visited this site. Note that this list is not the same as referrals from upstream sites. There is not necessarily a link between the upstream site and this site. Search Traffic What percentage of visits to this site come from a search engine? Search Visits 17.10%6.00% 6% Top Keywords from Search Engines Which search keywords send traffic to this site? Keyword Percent of Search Traffic   1.  bloomberg 3.75%   2.  bank of america 1.11%   3.  usd to idr 0.60%   4.  bloomberg news 0.41%   5.  usd to inr 0.25%   6.  bloomberg tv 0.24%   7.  blomberg 0.23%   8.  usd to php 0.20%   9.  euro to dollar 0.20% 10.  bitcoin news 0.19% Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Advanced Plan to view all keyword data.View More   Subscribe to view all keyword data Get more insight into your competitors' keyword strategy. Gain access to: - Top organic keywords. - Top paid keywords. - Keyword competition. - Keyword opportunities. Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Advanced Plan to view all keyword data.Subscribe Already have a subscription? Login with your Alexa Account Email PasswordForgot your password? Or Login with Facebook Login with Facebook Upstream Sites Which sites did people visit immediately before this site? Site Percent of Unique Visits   1.  google.com 16.2%   2.  yahoo.com 5.0%   3.  facebook.com 4.5%   4.  linkedin.com 3.5%   5.  drudgereport.com 1.9%   6.  twitter.com 1.3%   7.  google.co.uk 1.2%   8.  google.co.in 1.1%   9.  youtube.com 1.0% 10.  reuters.com 0.9% More Where do bloomberg.com's visitors go next? Downstream sites are sites that people visit immediately after visiting this site. Note this does not necessarily mean that people are directed to the downstream site by this site Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Insight Plan to view downstream sites.View More   Subscribe to view downstream sites Gain access to: - The top 10 sites visitors went to next. Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Insight Plan to view downstream sites.Subscribe Already have a subscription? Login with your Alexa Account Email PasswordForgot your password? Or Login with Facebook Login with Facebook What sites link to bloomberg.com? The "Sites Linking In" count shows the number of sites that Alexa found that link to this site.For more information please see this explanation ofhow Alexa determines the number of sites linking in. The complete list of sites linking to this site is available to Alexa Pro subscribers. Total Sites Linking In95,907 Site Page 1. youtube.com youtube.com/channel/UCMeUu2wha2qjI8Psn... 2. yahoo.com 2009.yearinreview.yahoo.com/2009/finan... 3. qq.com blog.weixin.qq.com/?p=360 4. sina.com.cn blog.sina.com.cn/dongxiucheng 5. linkedin.com blog.linkedin.com/2010/11/30/linkedin-... Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Basic Plan to view all 95,907 sites linking in.View More   Subscribe to view all 95,907 sites linking in Subscribe to view all sites linking in Gain access to: - Get the full list of sites linking in for any site. - Benchmark your link-building efforts. - See who is linking to your competitors. Subscribe to the Alexa Pro Basic Plan to view all 95,907 sites linking in.Subscribe Already have a subscription? Login with your Alexa Account Email PasswordForgot your password? Or Login with Facebook Login with Facebook What sites are related to bloomberg.com? Related Links These are sites that are related to this site in some way. For example, they receivetraffic from similar keywords, have a similar audience, or are frequently cited togetheron web pages. Learn more. Other Sites Owned These are other sites with the same registered owner as this site. Sites with Similar Names There are domain names that are similar to this site. Categories with Related Sites These are the categories that this site is in. Click on the category to browse other sites in that category. Related Links   1.  reuters.com   2.  wsj.com   3.  ft.com   4.  n24.de   5.  thestreet.com   6.  kabel1.de   7.  hse24.de   8.  eurosport.de   9.  dctp.de 10.  bibeltv.de More Categories with Related Sites Business > News and Media News > Breaking News > Business and Economy Other Sites Owned   1.  bloomberg.net   2.  bloombergnews.com   3.  bloomberguniversity.com Where do visitors go on bloomberg.com? The table shows the top subdomains for this site ordered by the percentage of visitorsthat visited the subdomain over a month. Note that the percentages can add up to more than100% because a visitor can visit multiple subdomains during the month. Updated Monthly. Subdomain Percent of Visitors bloomberg.com 97.36% search1.bloomberg.com 2.00% topics.bloomberg.com 1.96% mobile.bloomberg.com 0.75% go.bloomberg.com 0.69% jobs.bloomberg.com 0.59% washpost.bloomberg.com 0.35% login.bloomberg.com 0.25% jobsearch.bloomberg.com 0.19% origin-www.bloomberg.com 0.14% careers.bloomberg.com 0.12% photovault.bloomberg.com 0.12% More How fast does bloomberg.com load? The reported load time for a website is the median time it takes to loadpages from that site in a real users' web browsers. Alexa takes the median of all the page load times we observe for a siteand then compares that to the same figure for all other sites. For example,a site in the 98th percentile (Very Fast) has a median load time faster than98% of all measured sites, while a site in the 2nd percentile (Very Slow)loads more quickly than only 2% of all sites and is slower than 97% of all sites. The load time of an individual page is how long it takes for the DOM -the structure of the page - to be loaded. This time doesn't include the timeto load all images and stylesheets, for example. The load time metric is updated monthly. Slow (2.472 Seconds), 71% of sites are faster. Where can I find more info about bloomberg.com? Site Description A short description of the site. Contact How to contact the owner of the site. Site Description Breaking financial, business and economic news worldwide from major provider of information services. How did bloomberg.com look in the past? Contact Contact information is not available. Edit Site Info How can I get deeper insight? By subscribing to Alexa Pro you can gain deeper insight on your traffic and search engine optimizations. Alexa Pro subscriptions for site owners give you metrics,tools and analysis to increase your web traffic and succeed online.We give you accurate traffic metrics, automated site scans, lists of sites linking in,SEO recommendations, and much more. SEO Score Alexa will audit your site regularly and give you reports with actionable recommendations. Accurate Metrics Get Alexa Traffic Rank and other key performance metrics, certified for accuracy by Alexa. Uptime Monitor Know what percent of the time your site is up, and more importantly when it was down. Learn More Try Alexa PRO Basic: One Month Free Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc.