wine.woot.com/
Woot The original deal pioneer keeps on pinching pennies and cracking wise. No, that price isn't a typo. Go to Woot Today's Woot Choose Your Samsung 1080p LED Smart TV $269.99–$1,049.99 Refurbished Woot Plus Laptops Waring Kitchen Electrics Samsung Galaxy Tablets Lytro Light Field Digital Camera & Gear Architectural Mailboxes (and Numbers!) Samsung Home Theater Upgrades Baseball Stadium UltraMurals Dyson Accessories ...and more Woot deals! Tech.Woot The robots are coming! And so are the laptops, the tablets, the phones, the cameras, the TVs... Go to Tech.Woot Today's Woot Sony Apple 30-Pin Speaker Docks w/Airplay $99.99–$129.99 Woot Plus HP Desktops VIZIO, Yo VIZIO, Yo Monitors Of All Shapes And Sizes JLab Speakers & Headphones MEElectronics Headphones Pyle Speaker Docks Home.Woot High living at low prices with name-brand deals for your pad, crib, nest, or castle - inside and out. Go to Home.Woot Today's Woot High Sierra Elevate Drop Bottom Duffel - 2 Colors $59.99–$69.99 Woot Plus Candy, Cookies, Meats & Cheeses! Office Chairs Ensmoothenization Office Furniture The Complete Behrens Collection Easter Entertaining Tools.Woot Make it, build it, improve it. But whatever home project you've got in mind, start by saving money on it. Go to Tools & Garden Today's Woot River Cottage Gardens Conjunto Armchair, 2-Pack $269.99 $489.99 45% off List Price Woot Plus Fire Sense Heaters & Stuff Tekton Tools Gardening Tools Durable Corporation Anti-Fatigue Mats String Lights Grilling: Thrilling Slat Wall: Slattitude Sport.Woot Sports, fitness, and outdoors deals, because saving money is only one of your passions. Go to Sport.Woot Today's Woot MusclePharm Assault, Grape - 30 Servings $19.99 $49.99 60% off List Price Woot Plus UConn - NCAA Champions! Columbia Hoodies NFL Swirl Straw Tumbler 2-Packs Yakima Racks and Accessories Golf is Awesome! Nike Men's Athletic Shoes Accessories.Woot You don't have to spend a lot to look like you do. Werk it and twerk it with amazing deals on designer watches, handbags and more. Go to Accessories & Watches Today's Woot Invicta Russian Diver Bridge Skeleton Watch $179.99 $1,995.00 91% off List Price Woot Plus Ladies' Rings Steeltime Men's Colorful Bracelets Mont Blanc Sunglasses Black & White Earrings and Pendant Sets Bangles: Walk Like An Egyptian Marrakech Collection Kids.Woot Deals for moms and dads and anybody else who needs kids' stuff, from toys to baby gear to furniture to clothing. Go to Kids.Woot Today's Woot KidKraft Table & Bench Set w/Cushions & Umbrella $134.99 $199.99 33% off List Price Woot Plus Wonderworld Toys for Little Ones Look Cool for the Pool Smoobee No Cry Hairbrush Set ToySmith Robot Kits Shirt.Woot Our exclusive graphic tees will make you laugh, will make you cry, will make you look totally hot. Go to Shirt.Woot Today's Woot Radioactive Cat $12.00–$15.00 Woot Plus Artist Spotlight: DoOomcat Dragons DNA Game of Tees Wine.Woot Direct from the winery to your thirsty lips: wine deals worth doing a spit-take over. Go to Wine.Woot Today's Woot Jamieson Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon Duo $64.99 $125.00 48% off List Price Woot Plus Upstream Wines Sellout.Woot Last chance deals for hardcore cheapskates. Catch 'em before they - you guessed it - sell out. Go to Sellout.Woot Today's Woot 25 Random Comics + Collector Cards! $14.99 $79.99 81% off List Price Woot Plus NFL Pitchers Lutron: Light Control Turtle Beach Gaming Headsets NCAA Laundry Bags! Fila Men's and Women's Fleece Tops Tripp Lite Surge Protectors & Mounts Skins Compression Apparel Sunpak Magic Sound Box ...and more Sellout.Woot deals! Community Sourced Deals.Woot 411,963 deals (and counting) from around the web, shared and ranked by a community of deal fiends like you. Go to Deals.Woot. Top Community Deals 17 All Time Greatest Hits: Lynyrd Skynyrd: MP3 Downloads for $3.99 @ amazon.com 10 Comments 16 Brand New Microsoft Special Edition Camouflage Wireless Controller for Xbox 360 43G-00049 - Best Buy for $29.99 + free shipping @ bestbuy.com 5 Comments 19 Titanfall xbox one for $44.99 + free shipping @ bestbuy.com 7 Comments Wine.Woot community blog what is woot? support New to Woot? Start here or Sign in Stuff You Bought | Your Account Today's Woot Jamieson Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon Duo Sold by: Jamieson Ranch Vineyards $64.99 $125.00 48% off List Price i want one Today's Woot Write-up JAMIESON RANCH CAB: FAQ What will I get with this Jamieson Ranch Cab Sauv duo? You'll get two kinds of Jamieson Ranch Cab Sauv.  I like coffee beans on the nose. What kind should I drink? You should go for the 2010 Coombsville.  I like coffee beans up my nose. What kind should I drink? We cannot help you.  Barrels are the most important things to me in the whole wide world. Do you have any recommendations? Please enjoy the 2011 Double Lariat and consider reevaluating your priorities.  Are you sure you're spelling the name properly? Consult the label, smartypants.  What do you recommend pairing this with? We suggest a glass or a tumbler of some kind.  What does this not pair well with? Masonry. continue reading Share This Deal 0 0 0 0 0 Cesare is sleepy but doesn't take a Napa and instead provides the CT and winery info... discuss this deal5 Woot Tech.Woot Home.Woot Tools.Woot Sport.Woot Accessories.Woot Kids.Woot Shirt.Woot Sellout.Woot Deals.Woot Advertisement Woot Plus Woot + top brands = tons of cool stuff, sold cheap. Explore these deal events now... Upstream Wines They've been living in their Upstream world. Ends April 11 at 9AM CT Wine.Woot Community woot asks All right, I confess! I've sipped wine from ... A paper cup A plastic cup A coffee mug The bottle Something I'll admit to in the comments. 9.6% - A paper cup 94 26.4% - A plastic cup 260 13.1% - A coffee mug 129 46.5% - The bottle 458 4.4% - Something I'll admit to in the comments. 43 984 votes vote discuss the poll39 Woot Blog Shipping of the Summer Wine Summertime means barbecues and mosquitoes and special wine shipping policies. Here's how we're going to keep your wine from turning into soup - including an all-new expedited shipping option. read more discuss this post94 Latest Posts The Ballad of Toothstejnn the Red 5 months ago | 0 comments The Secret of El Arenque Rojo, Chapter 4: The Fifth World Rises 2 years ago | 21 comments International Saké Day: Made like a beer and sipped like a wine. 3 years ago | 8 comments View All ? Advertisement Advertisement Jamieson Ranch Cabernet Sauvignon Duo http://wine.woot.com/offers/jamieson-ranch-cabernet-sauvignon-duo $64.99 In Stock Food, Beverages & Tobacco > Beverages > Wine $64.99 USD false 1 Retail EA 1 3 Woot Tech.Woot Home.Woot Tools.Woot Sport.Woot Accessories.Woot Kids.Woot Shirt.Woot Wine.Woot Sellout.Woot Deals.Woot Wine.Woot Today's Woot Blog Community What is Woot? Support Community Woot Wines World of Wine.Woot Everything But Woot Blog Wine.Woot News Experts What Is Wine.Woot? Wine.Woot FAQ Be a Woot Advertister Work for Woot Product Recall Notices Woot's Return Policy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Write Us Mumbo Jumbo Woot.com is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Woot.com are sold by Woot, Inc. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view; the narratives do not express Woot's editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot's terms of use and privacy policy. Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn't mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content © Woot, Inc. 2004-2014. All Rights Reserved.