www.me.nus.edu.sg/prospective-students/what-is-me
a112 What is ME? myEmail IVLE Library Map Calendar NUS Website Internet Staff Directory Home About Us Overview HOD Message Vision and Mission Careers Contact Us Site Map PEOPLE Management Committee Academic Groups Applied Mechanics Control and Mechatronics Energy and Bio-thermal Systems Fluid Mechanics Manufacturing Materials Adjunct Staff Visiting Staff All Staff Prospective Students Undergraduate What is ME? Programme Aeronautical Engineering Automotive Engineering Energy and Sustainability Offshore Oil & Gas Technology What our students say Frequently Asked Questions Admissions Graduate Studies M.Sc M.Eng and Ph.D Current Students Undergraduate Program Overview Educational Objectives Degree Requirements Program Structure Sample Schedules Module Syllabus Module Information Specialisations From 2013 onwards For 2012 Before 2012 Freshmen AY13/14 Design Projects Final Year Project Scholarships Mentor Lists Timetables & Lab Schedules Special Programmes Enhancement Programmes Vacation Internship Programme Industrial Attachment Programme Undergraduate Research Opportunities Programme Student Exchange Programme Design-Centric Programme Global Engineering Programme NUS Overseas Colleges Graduate Studies M.Sc M.Eng and Ph.D Timetables Research Research Themes Adsorption Desalination cum Cooling Technology Bio-Inspired Nano-Tribology Digital Holography Failure Prediction for Composites Flapping Wing Aerodynamics Light Weight Materials Mobile Robotic Manipulation Nanobiomechanics Study of Human Diseases Neuro-sensors Research on Tool-based Micro-Nano-Machining Laboratories Research Labs Control and Mechatronics Dynamics Energy and Bio-thermal Systems Experimental Mechanics Fabrication Support Center Fluid Mechanics Impact Mechanics Manufacturing Materials Nano-machining Neurosensors Associated Labs Healthcare and Energy Materials Laboratories Nano-BioMechanics Micro and Nano Systems Initiative Research Centres BIOMAT Nano-Wafer Level Packaging Program Prospective Undergraduate What is ME? Programme What our students say Frequently Asked Questions Admissions Home > Prospective Students > What is ME? What is ME? Mechanical Engineering is perhaps the most diverse and versatile of the engineering disciplines. In addition to physics and mathematics, it encompasses key elements of chemical, civil, electrical, materials and even bio-engineering. For every product or system that moves and uses or produces energy, a mechanical engineer is involved in its design, manufacture or operation. Virtually every aspect of modern life is touched by mechanical engineering, from mobile phones and biomedical devices, to aircrafts and power plants. What Would I Study?   Our students build upon their knowledge of science and mathsgained in school to learn about materials, solid and fluid mechanics, thermodynamics, heat transfer, control, product design and manufacturing processes. Courses on communication, business and other social-sciences complement.nical subjects to groom graduates with well-rounded perspectives, as well as the ability and flexibility to work in a variety of settings. Practical learning is integrated into the curriculum through design projects with industry partners to solve actual engineering problems. What Are My Career Prospects?   The broadness of the Mechanical Engineering degree offers a wide array of career possibilities. Mechanical engineers are no longer confined to the traditional industries of aerospace, automotive, and manufacturing, but are also employed extensively in important emerging areas, such as robotics, biomedical technology and energy systems. Furthermore, our students acquire valuable skills in creative thinking, critical analysis and teamwork, which are highly sought after in non-engineering fields such as consulting, management, banking, and finance. The rapidly-evolving technologies and economies of today require graduates with an adaptable and broad skill set, which the Mechanical Engineering degree at NUS offers. So come join us and turn your ideas into reality!   © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site map | Feedback | Campus Map Last modified on March 31, 2014. by NUS Mechanical Engineering. JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.