old.statcounter.com/project/
160a Login Failed   Register  |   Demo  |   Services  |   Features  |   Help  |   User Forum  |   Blog  |   Advertise  |   About  | Username: Password: remember me forgot password? You are not logged in.   You are not logged into your account. This is likely due to cookies being disabled in your browser. How to Enable Cookies To enable cookies, follow the instructions below for the browser version you are using. Windows IE 6.x Browser Select Tools Select Internet Options Select the Privacy tab. Select Advanced Deselect override automatic cookie handling button Click on the OK button at the bottom of the screen. Click OK to exit Select Tools Select Internet Options Select Delete Cookies Select Tools Select Internet Options Select Delete Files Close down all open Internet Explorer Browsers Load it back up again and logon to StatCounter! Windows IE 5.x Browser Go to Tools on the menu bar Pick Internet Options Click the Security tab Select the Custom Level tab Under "Allow Cookies that are stored on your computer" click "Enable" Under "Allow per-session cookies (not stored)" click "Enable" Select OK, Yes you want to save the settings AOL 8.0 From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings. Select Preference15e0s Select Internet Properties (WWW) Select the Privacy tab Select Advanced Deselect override automatic cookie handling button Click OK to exit. AOL 7.0 with IE 6.x From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings. Select Preferences Select Internet Properties (WWW) Select the Privacy tab Select Advanced Deselect override automatic cookie handling button Click OK to exit. AOL 7.0 with IE 5.5 From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings. Select Preferences Select Internet Properties (WWW) Select the Security tab Select the Custom Level tab Under "Allow Cookies that are stored on your computer" click "Enable" Under "Allow per-session cookies (not stored)" click "Enable" Select OK, Yes you want to save the settings Netscape 7.x Click Edit on the Toolbar. Click Preferences Click the Privacy and Security category; expand the list to show the subcategories. Click Cookies Three options are displayed. Click the appropriate choice: Disable cookies Enable cookies for the originating web site only Enable all cookies If you want to be notified when a web site tries to set a cookie, select "Warn me before accepting a cookie." Netscape 6.x Click Edit on the Toolbar. Click Preferences Click the Privacy and Security category; expand the list to show the subcategories. Click Cookies Three options are displayed. Click the appropriate choice: Disable cookies Enable cookies for the originating web site only Enable all cookies If you want to be notified when a web site tries to set a cookie, select "Warn me before accepting a cookie." Netscape 4.x Go to Edit on the menu bar Pick Preferences Go to the Advanced option on the Category menu Click the check box next to "Accept All Cookies" Click OK Netscape 3.x Clients Go to Options on the menu bar Pick Network Preferences Click the Languages tab Click the checkbox next to "Enable Java" Click OK Mac IE 5.x Click Edit Select Preferences Under the Receiving Files option, select Cookies Under "When receiving cookies:" select the desired level of cookie acceptance Under "When receiving cookies:" select the desired level of cookie acceptance Click OK to finish Copyright 1999-2014 © StatCounter, All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Translate | Global Stats