www.alexa.com/company
2a5b Alexa Internet - About Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Company About Our Data Management Team Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Our Mission Alexa is the Web Information Company. Since our founding in 1996 we've beencommitted to providing free website analyics for all websites. Today, millionsof people from across the globe visit Alexa.com each month to access our webanalytics and other services. Global Web Traffic Estimates Alexa is perhaps best known for the Alexa Rank - our website ranking systemwhich tracks over 30 million websites worldwide. The Alexa Rank and othermetrics allow site owners to benchmark their sites and give consumers,marketers and advertisers metrics to evaluate websites for media buying,partnerships, and other business opportunities. Alexa's traffic estimates are based on a diverse sample of millions ofworldwide internet users using thousands of different types of toolbars andadd-ons for Google Chrome, Firefox, and Internet Explorer. Tools and Metrics for Business Owners Alexa helps small and medium sized businesses succeed on the web. Our toolshelp web site owners benchmark their site's performance against theircompetitors, generate more traffic, and optimize their websites. We give site owners control over their data. Site owners can update or editthe public listing information for their site. They can certify their sitemetrics by installing an Alexa script on their site to get more accuratemetrics and insights. And they can choose which metrics to make public andwhich should remain private. Browser Extensions and Add-ons Alexa's Toolbar Creator is a free service that allows site owners tocreate browser add-ons that engage their audience and help drive traffic backto their website. Tens of thousands of companies have created toolbars usingthe Alexa Toolbar Creator. The Alexa Toolbar was one of the first browserextensions ever created in 1998 and has been downloaded by millions of people. Tools for Developers We make many of our metrics available through web service API's, sodevelopers can include Alexa data and intelligence in their own products. Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc.