www.alexa.com/siteaudit
41e2 Alexa Site Audit Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Products > Site Audit Log in to view your Site Audit reports. Get More TrafficWe examine up to 10,000 pages on your site and give you personalized,easy-to-follow SEO recommendations to increase your search traffic. Track Your ProgressWith a subscription we grade your site twice a month to track yourSEO progress and give you updated recommendations. Go Beyond SEOGet insights and advice to improve your website's usability, performance,security, analytics tag coverage, and backlinks. Enter Your Web Site Select Your Site Audit SubscriptionAlexa Pro Advanced $149 per month 2 Reports per month Cancel any time Best Value! One-Time Purchase  $199 1 Report now 1 Follow-up within 30 days Maximum Flexibility! Subscribe NowBuy Now There are other low cost subscriptions! See all Plans and Pricing What's Inside Each Site AuditSee Inside SEO Audit Performance Audit Security Audit HTML Tag Audit Reputation Audit The SEO Audit Do you want more traffic to your site? Is your site search engine friendly? Are you providing a good experience for your customers? Duplicate Title Tags Unique, descriptive page titles increase the likelihood that search engineswill direct users in your target audience to your website. The Alexa Site Audit gives you a detailedlisting of duplicate titles used on multiple unique pages to help users locate pages on your site. Missing Title Tags Most search engines display the page title in search results, and if your page ismissing a title you could be losing an opportunity to drive traffic to your site. The Alexa Site Audit gives youa comprehensive list of pages on your site that are missing a title. Long Title Tags When search engines display your page title, they will often truncate titles that are too long.The Alexa Site Audit identifies all pages on your site with titles that are too long. Multiple Title Tags Each page on your site needs a unique title that describes the content on the page,but sometimes it is easy to have more than one title on a page. The Alexa Site Audit checks this for you,and will give you a list of pages with multiple titles. Reachability Reachability is a measure of how many links a crawler must follow to locate pages on your site.Our analysis of your site provides you with a list of hard-to-reach pages to help you quickly identify obscured content. Redirects Redirecting too many of the pages on your site to other pages wastes crawler resources and may resultin a smaller number of pages being crawled. Our analysis can determine whether or not you are using redirects effectively. Anchor Text Effective anchor text concisely describes the destination page.The Alexa Site Audit provides a comprehensive list of links found on various pages of your site. Broken Links A broken link undermines the user experience, wastes search engine crawler resources,and can affect your placement in search engines. With the Alexa Site Audit, you can find all the brokenlinks on your site and quickly make changes. Dead End Pages Pages without any links are not good for your visitors.We can show you which pages on your site are dead ends to help you improve the user experience. Page Not Found A good '404' or 'Page Not Found' error page does more than simply report the error.Our analysis of your site can tell you whether or not you have created a proper 'Page Not Found' error page. Long URLs Most search engines display URLs in search results. If an URL is too long, people doing searcheswill see a truncated version and you might miss an opportunity to get them to click. Duplicate Content Reusing text and images on your site? This can have more of a negative effect than you know.Find out how the duplicate content on your site affects your search engine rank. Duplicate Meta Descriptions Meta descriptions, like page content, should be unique.We can help you find any duplicate meta descriptions across your entire site so that your pages get properly indexed. Too Many Links Links are good. Having too many links can potentially make the page more difficult to navigate,and could create other SEO problems. Discover the pages on your site that have too many links. Server Errors Server errors indicate major problems with the content of your site. The Alexa Site Auditchecks for server errors on your site and provides a comprehensive list of pages that are giving server errors. Robots.txt A misconfigured robots.txt file can inadvertently block crawlers from valuable content.The Alexa Site Audit can check to see if your robots.txt file is configured correctly,and provides recommendations if it is not. Session IDs Sites that use session ID parameters as part of their URLs may receive a lower rankingin search results. Find out which pages on your site use these with the Alexa Site Audit. Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Build upon your existing SEM efforts with our keyword recommendations,tailored to your site. Using our vast database of search analytics, we can help you find the morecost-effective and relevant keywords to use for advertising. On-Site Links We also analyze the link structure of your site to determine which pages could benefitfrom more links from across your site. Hostname Many websites allow for users to visit them through both http://domain.com and http://www.domain.com.Most search engines treat these as separate hosts, so it is important to have one redirect to the otheror you risk splitting your Page Rank across the two versions of your site. Low Word Count Pages with little or no text content often receive poor placement in search results.In the Alexa Site Audit, you can find a listing of pages containing little or no text content to helpimprove your placement in search results. Image Descriptions Using image descriptions can help search engines index the non-text content ofyour pages, and makes your site more accessible for the visually impaired. Discover the location ofpages on your site that have images with no description. The Performance Audit Is your site as fast as it could be? Speed Analysis A fast loading website is important for user engagement. Google has alsoannounced that they use page load speeds in their ranking algorithms. Our analysis gives youload times for your site, as well as a listing of all pages that load slowly. The Security Audit Is your site vulnerable to hackers? Are you protecting your visitors? Insecure Forms Keep your visitors safe from information theft. We will tell you if any of your pagesare requesting a password in an insecure way. Meta Information Give hackers as little information about your site as possible. We check forcommon tags on pages that hackers can use to better target your website. The HTML Tag Audit Is your site analytics configured correctly? Is your content easy to share? Are you measuring your traffic? Web Analytics When adding web analytics tracking code to your site, it is easy to miss pages.The Site Audit makes sure your web analytics tracking code is present on every single page of your site. Social Sharing Search engines are using social sharing more and more to rank search results.Make sure your visitors can easily share your content on services like Facebook and Twitter. The Reputation Audit How does your site compare to other sites for backlinks? Links from Top Sites A reputable site is more likely to get a better search engine rank, and in turn,get more traffic. Our analysis determines if any top ranked sites link to your site and suggests waysto promote your site to improve your reputation. What Our Customers Say It has been wonderful since I ran the audit. I've yet to implement all your recommendations and my ranking has already improved tremendously. I'm in the process of reaching the magic number which I presume will be in a couple months or weeks. Joseph B. Omoremi Editor, The Chicago Inquirer Using the Alexa Site Audit was absolutely one of the most helpful tools I could have ever have used in helping the performance of my website. I would recommend any company that wants to improve performance of their site to try it. Bob Warren Founder, ResumeBear We were very pleased with the thorough results provided in the Audit, and the recommendations provided to further enhance our efforts. Thanks for the very efficient tool your team provided. Gabrielle M. CMO, Wolfgangsvault.com We found the Alexa Audit to be incredibly valuable. It was like getting a check-up for our website. It helped guide us through some important website cleanup, and further optimize our site. Nancy Lee President, myregistry.com Companies Using the Site Audit Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc.