www.nus.edu.sg/celc/research/eltwo.php
1039 NUS - Centre for English Language Communication :: Welcome to ELTWorldOnline.com myEmail IVLE Library Map Calendar ä¸­æ–‡ NUS Website Internet Staff Directory About Us About CELC Vision & Mission Strategies Message from the Director Employment Opportunities Contact us Staff Directory Management Team Academic (Full-Time) Academic (Part-Time) Non-Academic Professional Development CELC Visiting Scholars Programme Staff Seminars Teaching Programmes For Undergraduate Students Qualifying English Test Undergraduate Programmes Undergraduate Timetables CELC-CDTL Workshops For Graduate Students Diagnostic English Test Information on Graduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Graduate Timetables CELC-CDTL Workshops For NUS Staff English Assist OHR CELC-UTown Writing Unit Ideas and Exposition Programme Pedagogical Research English Language Teaching World Online (ELTWO) CELC Symposium Proceedings Reflections on English Language Teaching (RELT) Communicating in the University Culture CELC Staff Publications Research Projects Regional Collaborations Online Initiatives Outreach Industry Initiatives Visitors Contact Us Staff Intranet Home > Pedagogical Research > English Language Teaching World Online ELTWO Background & Rationale English Language Teaching World Online Since August 2009, the Centre for English Language Communication (CELC) at NUS has hosted a teaching-focused, internationally peer-reviewed online journal, English Language Teaching World Online (ELTWO), or www.eltworldonline.com. ELTWO provides an opportunity for English Language Teaching (ELT) and communications skills practitioners to share innovative teaching ideas that maximize the potential of print, audio-visual, and web resources, and to present their views on teaching resources, materials development, syllabus and curriculum design, assessment and related topics. Because the journal has been created on an inte2f8ractive blog platform, it will also allow readers to comment on any article. In line with its goals, ELTWO now includes five main content sections: Features: articles of approximately 7000 words focusing on a wide range of ELT issues and well grounded in research and current theory; Innovations: articles of approximately 5000 words focusing on new and effective teaching activities, classroom practice, means of testing and assessment, approaches to curriculum or teaching and learning platforms. ELT Court: articles of approximately 3000 words focusing on current issues in ELT that generate controversy and debate (ideally, both sides are presented by di5b4fferent authors); Media Reviews: articles of approximately 1500 words focusing on new media with relevance to ELT practitioners and language learners; ELT Lives: articles of approximately 1500 words focusing on biographical sketches of people in the ELT field whose experience, ideas and/or professional contributions are noteworthy. The targeted readership of ELTWO includes English/ ESL/EFL/communication skills teachers and program administrators, applied linguists, teacher educators, students of language acquisition and anyone else with an academic or professional interest in current practical issues in English language teaching and learning. ELTWO is regularly updated and operates on the basis of one volume per year. Material from previous volumes/years is accessible to readers in an archive. Along with its editorial board of CELC faculty members, ELTWO has an international cast of contributing editors and reviewers. ELTWO (eltwo@nus.edu.sg or elcbb@nus.edu.sg) welcomes the submission of original manuscripts for peer review. For submission guidelines, please follow this link. We look forward to meeting you via eltworldonline.com.   88f © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Non-discrimination Home Contact Best viewed on Google Chrome Last modified on July 24, 2013 by CELC