lcc.hss.ntu.edu.sg/cube/documents/index.html
iNTU (Intranet Portal) BOT Intranet GS Link Student Link Staff Link NTU VPN Email Go to Advanced Search NTU | HSS | LCC | Contact us | Welcome! Welcome to the LCC Communication Cube, where trained peer coaches help NTU undergraduates improve their written and oral communication skills. Mission The LCC Communication Cube aims to improve the writing and communication skills of NTU undergraduates in the following ways: By showing how writing, in particular, can be an invaluable tool for learning and discovery as well as for communicating; By providing feedback at any stage of the writing or drafting process; By encouraging awareness of one's audience and the purpose of communicating; By highlighting issues related to coherence, cohesion, language style and tone, grammar and mechanics, organization, and format; By nurturing individual voices; and By promoting adherence to high standards of academic integrity. Announcements The Communication Cube will operate from 10 February 2014 to 17 April 2014 in Semester 2, Academic Year 13/14. Each student is allowed one booking of 45 minutes per week. Testimonials "I learned from my mistakes and now know how to improve my writing." "Very clear explanation. Pointed out our mistakes in a clear manner. Gave very constructive comments." "The coach provided useful remedies to rectify the existing problems that we were experiencing in the writing of the report." "Very friendly and attentive." "Mistakes were pointed out and possible ways to rectify them were suggested." "The coach was very clear in the explanation." "I now know the steps to writing an academic paper. Found out that planning what to write was also important. Motivated to start writing again!" "We found out the weakness in our essay and the appropriate solutions for it." "We were given many suggestions on how to improve our essay." "The coach gave good suggestions on how we could improve our essay. The coach was very patient." "Able to answer our questions. Guided us in the right direction." 50 Nanyang Avenue Singapore 639798 Tel: (65) 67911744 Contact Getting to NTU Getting Around NTU blogs@ntu A-Z Directory Ask NTU Career Opportunities © 2012 Nanyang Technological University Modified by LCC Communication Cube Copyright • Disclaimer • Privacy Statement Reg. No. 200604393R