www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/edu/UG/adm.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Education at NUS > Undergraduate > Admission Requirements   Undergraduate Admission   Undergraduate admission is coordinated through the Office of Admissions.  The admission exercise for local students usually takes place between February and March each year.  For international applicants, the exercise commences in October of the previous year.  To be eligible to apply for admission, applicants need to present one of the following: the Singapore-Cambridge G.C.E. ‘A’ level certificate; a diploma from a Singapore polytechnic; or equivalent qualifications such as the NUS High School Diploma or International Baccalaureate Diploma.  As the medium of instruction is English, applicants may be required to demonstrate proficiency in English as part of the admission criteria. Students admitted into the University may also have to sit for the Qualifying English Test (QET) set by the NUS Centre for English Language Communication. Up to 10% of vacancies will be set aside for consideration of exceptional candidates for admission to NUS, where factors other than grades will be considered.  These include outstanding performances at international competitions or events in the fields of sports, science, arts or culture; note worthy records of community service or relevant work experience; and key leadership roles held by the candidates. Candidates may also provide information on awards/honours that they have received. Details of the admission framework and procedures are available on the website of the Office of Admissions. Concurrent Candidature A full-time undergraduate student may not be enrolled concurrently as a candidate for more than one degree (except for approved special programmes - viz. Concurrent Degree Programmes (CDPs), Double Degree Programmes (DDPs) and Joint Degree Programmes (JDPs)) or register as a candidate of NUS and of another university or institute, unless granted approval by the University. A candidate who is enrolled as a full-time student at another university or institute shall not be allowed to enrol concurrently for any undergraduate degree programme at NUS, unless granted approval by the University. Quick Links Non-Graduating Programmes Withdrawal       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office