www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/adminpolicy/degreescrolls.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Administrative Policies > Degree Scrolls   Degree Scrolls and Academic Transcript Degree scrolls are printed on a semester basis and made available for collection according to the schedule tabulated below.  If you have completed all degree requirements and are conferred a degree, you will be issued your degree scroll with a complimentary copy of your complete academic transcript Note.  If you need additional copies of your transcript, do note that in line with the NUS Student Privacy Policy, transcripts are only available upon request by the student concerned.  Applications and payments for transcripts should be made online at the transcript website. The University does not normally issue a replacement degree scroll if the original one is destroyed or misplaced. Instead, the Registrar will issue a letter certifying that the student is a graduate of the University. Collection Period Period in which all degree requirements completed Period in which degree conferred Collection of Degree Scroll and Complimentary Transcript Special Term of AY2012-13 1 Jul 2013 to 31 Aug 2013 from the third Monday of October 2013 to 31 May 2014; or   during Commencement 2014* at the ceremony which the graduate is presented on stage; or   from 2.00pm on the working day immediately after the last day of commencement ceremonies and thereafter Semester 1 of AY2013-14 1 Sep 2013 to 28 Feb 2014 from the second Monday of April 2014 to 31 May 2014; or   during Commencement 2014* at the ceremony which the graduate is presented on stage; or   from 2.00pm on the working day immediately after the last day of commencement ceremonies and thereafter Semester 2 of AY2013-14 1 Mar 2014 to 30 Jun 2014 during Commencement 2014* at the ceremony at which the graduate is presented on stage; or   from 2.00pm on the working day immediately after the last day of commencement ceremonies and thereafter * Commencement 2014 will be held in early/mid July 2014. Mode of Collection You can collect your degree scroll personally from the Registrar's Office (Level 4, Lee Kong Chian Wing, University Hall). Collection time:- Monday to Friday: 8.30 am - 5.30 pm (Closed for lunch from 1.00 pm - 2.00 pm) Proof of identity i.e. your NRIC or Passport is required when collecting your degree scroll. However, if you are unable to collect the documents personally, you can either authorise someone to collect them on your behalf, or request that they be sent to you by post. You may download the Degree Scroll Authorisation Form. The form must be completed and returned to: Registrar’s Office National University of Singapore University Hall Lee Kong Chian Wing #UHL-04-01 21 Lower Kent Ridge Road Singapore 119077 For enquiries, please email to regenquiry@nus.edu.sg. For degree verification requests, please click here. Note: The practice of issuing a complimentary copy of the complete academic transcript together with the degree scroll takes effect from the graduating cohort of 2007 (i.e. graduates with degree conferment dates on or after 1 July 2006).         © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office