www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/adminpolicy/responsibility.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Administrative Policies > Responsibility for Notices/Circulars and Update of Personal Particulars   Responsibility for Notices, Circulars and Update of Personal Particulars All students will have an email account at NUS that will be their official point of contact.  Most communications from the University to students will be via the official email account.  As such, students are expected to check this account regularly.  Students are also expected to be aware of the latest notices/circulars that may be posted on the myPortal@NUS. Throughout their candidature, students are responsible for keeping their personal particulars (including citizenship, official/legal name*, identity card / passport details, permanent and correspondence contact details, and next-of-kin details) updated in the University’s records in a timely manner.  This means that students must notify the University within 5 working days of the effective date of change of the affected personal particulars.  The University will not be accountable for delayed or lost mail due to incorrect or obsolete students’ addresses and contacts.  Students may check their particulars or amend their contact details via myISIS. *Please note that your Official Name in the Integrated Student Information System (ISIS) will be printed on your degree scroll and academic transcript. If you have changed your name during your course of study but failed to inform the University in a timely manner and you have already been conferred your degree, then your name as presently reflected in our official records, will be inscribed on your degree scroll. No further requests for name changes will be entertained. Quick Links Update of Personal Particulars Official/Legal Change of Name Change in Citizenship Change in IC/Passport Enquiries       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office