www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/feedbk.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Student Feedback Exercise   Student Feedback Exercise (for Graduate/Undergraduate/Non-graduating Students) Student feedback on teaching is an important element of the University's process for quality assurance of education. The University invites you to provide your candid opinions on the learning experiences you have had in your modules this semester. Your feedback is helpful to the university in our continuous quest for improvements in our teaching and thereby enhancing your learning experience in NUS. Your privacy will be protected, i.e. your response will not be traceable to your identity. Furthermore, the instructors will not have access to the summary student feedback responses until the examination results have been released. A sample report for instructors is available for your reference. To participate in this exercise, please login between 08:00 on 11 April 2014 to 23:59 on 25 April 2014. As a gesture of our appreciation for your participation, undergraduate students who use CORS for module registration will be awarded 20 CORS bid points for each evaluated module. The University appreciates your valuable feedback. Thank you. Important notes: You can make amendments to your feedback within the feedback period. Please avoid last minute submissions. Each session will have timeout period of 30 minutes, and you will be prompted to extend the session 5 minutes before the session expires. Please use browsers such as Internet Explorer (IE) 8.0 and above or Firefox. For Mac users, please use browsers such as Safari or Firefox. If you have not taken any classes/examinations this semester or you have been on industrial attachment or exchange, you are not required to take part in the exercise. For undergraduate students from Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine [YLLSoM]: Please use the relevant YLLSoM Feedback Exercise to provide feedback for modules offered by YLLSoM. However, if you have taken modules offered by other Faculties/Schools, please use this system to provide your feedback. If you have any issues (e.g., access, mismatch of module(s) / teacher(s)), please write to us at ccence@nus.edu.sg with your UserID and Student ID number along with a brief description of the problem(s) that you are facing.         © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office