www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/adminpolicy/graduation.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Administrative Policies > Graduation Graduation File for Graduation When an undergraduate student in a modular faculty expects to graduate at the end of a particular semester, s/he must file for graduation (FFG) at the start of that semester during the period stipulated by their Faculties. Degree conferment Degrees are conferred by the Chancellor at the end of Semester 1, Semester 2, and the Special Term. Conferment date for Semester 1 is 28 February, for Semester 2 is 30 June and for the Special Term is 31 August. However, graduate research degrees may also be awarded as and when the students complete all necessary requirements pertaining to the degrees.  Students will be informed in an official letter from the Registrar regarding their conferment date. The official letter is usually mailed out to the last known address within 2 weeks from the conferment date. This same date will, of course, be recorded in the official academic transcript. Other administrative information for graduating student is available here. Commencement Commencement is an annual University-wide event celebrated in early July. For about a fortnight, the University celebrates the graduation of each class.  All students who have completed their studies and conferred their degrees between 1 July of the preceding calendar year and 30 June of the current calendar year, both dates inclusive, are invited. Further information, including the schedule of ceremonies, is made available, from March each year, at the Commencement website.  All eligible students will be requested to register their attendance online at the website by the first of June of the current calendar year. Degree scrolls Degree scrolls are printed following the conclusion of each semester of study for students who have been conferred their degrees.  Details of collection procedures are updated and announced on the degree scroll collection website. Students may collect their degree scrolls during their respective Commencement ceremonies or the designated alternative periods, either personally, or by authorising a friend to do so.  Students may also request for the degree scroll to be mailed to them.  The University does not normally issue a replacement degree scroll if the original one is destroyed or misplaced.  Instead, the Registrar will issue a letter certifying that the student is a graduate of the University. Related Events Module Enrolment Commencement Degree Scroll Collection Degree Verification       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office