www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/adminpolicy/degverify.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Administrative Policies > Degree Verification   Degree Verification The Online Degree Verification Portal is to assist employers, staff of other higher learning institutions or members of the public verify claims to academic qualifications conferred by National University of Singapore (NUS). The information available via this Online Portal is recorded in the University's Commencement Gazette. The Commencement Gazette is the official public record of the University's graduates. Information that can be provided without the graduate's authorisation is verification of the award of an academic qualification. All other requests must be accompanied by proper authorisation and the University is under no obligation, legal or otherwise, to disclose the information. Recent graduate information becomes available after the 10th of each month. To use this online service, you will be asked to provide the following information: Student’s full name Date of Birth (DOB) If a search result is not available, you will be prompted to complete an Online Verification Request Form whereby you will be required to also provide: Student ID or Number (if known) Degree/s to be confirmed Date of degree conferment Details of enquirer A search may not be successful due to numerous reasons i.e., student may have the same name and date of birth with another student; an error in name or date of birth; or the student has not been conferred an award from the University. If a detailed official academic transcript is required, this can be obtained by the graduate via the NUS Online Transcript Application Portal. If a certification letter is required by the graduate, please email to transcript@nus.edu.sg and provide full details. Click to proceed to the Online Degree Verification Portal. If you are unable to access the Online Degree Verification Portal, please email to degverify@nus.edu.sg.       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office