www.alexa.com/siteowners/certify
36b7 Alexa Internet - Get Certified Site Metrics Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Products>Get Certified Site Metrics Alexa Certified Site Metrics Get a more accurate Alexa Rank with Alexa Certified Site Metrics! Your Alexa Rank is a key indicator of your site's importance. WithAlexa Certified Site Metrics, our new people-based analyticsservice, you can get a more accurate Alexa Rank and show off howwell you connect with your true audience. Try it Risk Free with a BASIC subscription Enter your website to start your Free Trial.Start Your Free Trial First Month Free then only$9.99per month Included in the Free TrialBASIC subscription: Certified Site Metrics Uptime Monitor Site Comparisons Save 25% on Site Audits What are people-based metrics? We analyze all your traffic and show you metrics based on the realpeople that visit your site, and we certify that data for accuracy. WithAlexa Certified Site Metrics, you get the most accurate traffic data to helpyou discover what's happening on your site. Once we've measured enough of your traffic, we also use your CertifiedMetrics to update your rank. Then you can choose to show off your new rankon your Alexa Site Listing. All you need to do is get Certified! Getting Certified is easy! Install CodeYou place a piece of Alexa code on each page of your site. Site ScanWe scan your site to make sure the code is on every page. Get CertifiedIf everything looks good, then we Certify your metrics. Enable Your New RankAfter 21 days, enable your new Alexa Traffic Rank. Included with your subscription are additional site scans to help ensure you stay Certified! What's included with a Basic Subscription? Chart your performance With an easy to use metrics dashboard,you can quickly understand what's happening on your site. Thesystem shows your metrics compared over different timeframes tohelp you easily chart your performance! Find out where you stand See which sites are winning by creating custom site comparisons.The Site Comparisons tool allows you to monitorkey metrics for any set of sites. Compare a whole industry, orjust your site versus your competitors. It's up to you! Publish your success With your subscription to Alexa Pro, you get access to theEnhanced Site Listing. Among other customizations,you have the option to display your Visitors and Pageviewsmetrics and your more accurate Alexa Traffic Rank on your AlexaSite Listing, and show off your success! Uptime monitoring   Do you know if your site is up? Your customers do. If yoursite is down you are disappointing your visitors and losingmoney. With Alexa's Uptime Monitor, you willknow what percent of the time your site is up, and when it was down. Customer support when you need it Have questions about your data? Need help with getting set up?With any subscription starting with Basic and upwards, you getcustomer support from real people to help you withjust about anything! View Other Subscription Options Get your accurate Rank withFree Trial today! You can cancel anytime.Start Your Free Trial Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc.