www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/edu/award.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Awards Awards  The University administers two types of awards which recognise scholarly achievements. They are scholarships/fellowships, and donated medals/prizes. Scholarships/Fellowships Besides rewarding academic excellence, these awards also help defray the costs of a University education.  For detailed listing of such awards and respective terms and conditions, please refer: Undergraduate scholarships. Graduate scholarships and fellowships. Donated Medals and Prizes Over the years, the University has benefited from the generosity of various donors who made it possible for recognition to be given to outstanding and deserving students through the award of various medals and prizes. Most university-level awards are offered on open competition basis.  Awards that are restricted to students in specific Faculties are administered by the respective Faculties. Details of such awards can be found in the websites of the respective Faculties.         © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office