www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/adminpolicy/acceptance.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Administrative Policies > Acceptance Record   Acceptance Record As a condition of admission, students are required to sign an Acceptance Record in which they expressly declare having read and agreed to the following policies, undertakings, and authorisation requirements. Code of Student Conduct Release of Liability Acceptable Use Policy for IT Resources NUS Intellectual Property Policy Authorisation of Medical Procedures / Appointment of Local Representative for International Students NUS Student Privacy Policy   Code of Student Conduct NUS students are expected to maintain and uphold the highest standards of integrity and honesty at all times, as well as embrace community standards, diversity and mutual respect for one another, both within the University and the wider Singapore community. The Code of Student Conduct is intended to guide students' conduct in both the academic and non-academic aspects of their University life by providing an overview of the behavior generally expected of them as a member of the University community. One of the fundamental principles on which this Code is based is that of "Academic, Professional, and Personal Integrity". In this respect, it is important to note that all students share the responsibility for upholding the academic standards and reputation of the University.  Academic honesty is a necessary condition in the pursuit and acquisition of knowledge, and the University expects each student to uphold academic honesty.  Academic dishonesty is any misrepresentation with the intent to deceive, or failure to acknowledge the source, or falsification of information, or inaccuracy of statements, or cheating at examinations/tests, or inappropriate use of resources.  There are many forms of academic dishonesty and plagiarism is one of them.  Plagiarism is generally defined as ‘the practice of taking someone else’s work or ideas and passing them off as one’s own’ (The New Oxford Dictionary of English).  The University does not condone plagiarism. Students should adopt this rule - You have the obligation to make clear to the assessor which is your own work, and which is the work of others. Otherwise, your assessor is entitled to assume that everything being presented for assessment is being presented as entirely your own work.  This is a minimum standard. In addition, the following guidelines will provide some assistance. When using the ideas, phrases, paragraphs and data of others in work presented for assessment, such materials should be appropriately credited and acknowledged, so that it is clear that the materials being presented is that of another person and not the student’s own.  The amount of detail required when referencing and acknowledging a source will vary according to the type of work and norms of the discipline. For instance,   Supervised examinations will require less detail in referencing and acknowledgement. Papers written other than under examination conditions will require a full citation of all the sources utilised. While a particular style of citation is not prescribed, the citation should provide enough information for the reader to locate the sources cited.  Research materials (including texts, graphics and data) obtained from the internet or other electronic resources should be treated in the same way as research materials obtained from traditional sources.  Any student found to have committed or aided and abetted the offence of plagiarism may be subject to disciplinary action.  In addition, the student may receive no grade for the relevant academic assignment, project, or thesis; and he/she may fail or be denied a grade for the relevant subject or module. Such a student caught plagiarizing would have to take that module for grade and not be allowed to exercise the S/U option for that module. A student may not knowingly intend to plagiarise, but that should not be used as an excuse for plagiarism.  Students should seek clarification from their instructors or supervisors if they are unsure whether or not they are plagiarising the work of another person.  All students are also encouraged to: consult the resources compiled by the Centre for Development of Teaching and Learning (CDTL) on how to avoid plagiarism; use the service provided by the Centre for Instructional Technology (CIT) to help detect and prevent web-based plagiarism; and access the Academic Culture module online.    Release of Liability In the course of their studies in NUS, students may participate in University activities/events and make use of University facilities.  Such activities/events may require the prior approval of the Emergency Management Division of the Office of Safety, Health and the Environment.  Due to the diverse nature and the large number of special events and activities organised by the NUS community, safety guidelines and procedures have been implemented to manage the risks to life and property.  These guidelines and procedures have been established to create awareness of planning/safety issues, and to protect both the interests of the students as well as the University. The University aims to limit risks and maximize safety while still allowing staff and students to enjoy events.  As such, students are expected to abide by the applicable rules and regulations for participation in University activities/events and the use of University facilities, whether as part of their course of study, co-curricular activities or courses offered by the University or as part of their residential experience in University accommodations. The University shall not be held liable for any loss or damage resulting from such participation and use and shall be indemnified against all losses and any other liability arising from the same.   Acceptable Use Policy for IT Resources This policy applies to the use of the IT resources owned, controlled or managed by the University, such as computer accounts, personal computers, servers, workstations, disk storage, software, administrative and academic applications, email, public folders, newsgroups, online discussion forums, dialup, network, Internet and databases, among others.  All users who have been granted access to the IT resources, including students of the University, are to comply with this policy.   NUS Intellectual Property Policy In addition to the provision of educational facilities at tertiary levels, the functions and objectives of the University include the promotion of research and scholarship and the advancement and dissemination of knowledge for the benefit of all.  Consistent with its status as a publicly funded organisation, it is critical that the University ensures that the creation, dissemination and commercialisation of Intellectual Property is properly administered for the benefit of the public and the University.  This Policy shall therefore apply to all Intellectual Property developed or created by a University member, including students, in the course of University research.  The Industry Liaison Office manages all such issues.   Authorisation of Medical Procedures / Appointment of Local Representative for International Students In the course of their studies in NUS, international students may need medical attention in the form of surgery or any other medical procedures or treatment, but may be unable to give or refuse consent to the same. In such an event, surgeons or consultants in hospitals in Singapore would require a local representative to be present at the hospital to authorise or refuse consent for the surgery or other medical procedure or treatment on the patient’s behalf. In order to avoid possible delays to any surgery or other medical procedure or treatment that an international student may need, international students, or their parent/guardian (where the international student is under 18 years of age) may do either or both of the following: appoint a representative in Singapore who is at least 18 years of age (‘Local Representative’) who will have the authority to authorise or refuse consent for the surgery or other medical procedure or treatment, on behalf of the student/parent/guardian, as applicable; and /or authorise NUS, its officers, staff member to authorise or refuse consent for the surgery or medical procedure or treatment, on behalf of the student/parent/guardian, if none of the student’s parent/guardian/a Local Representive (if any) is contactable at the time of need.    NUS Student Privacy Policy NUS collects personal information of students to support many University functions including, but not restricted to, the teaching and personal development of students, research and administration of the University. Relevant information or data may be shared within NUS or with third parties on a need to know basis and for what the University deems an official or educational interest, unless such sharing is prohibited by legislation. Note that the University regularly shares with junior colleges, polytechnics and centralised educational institutes, information on their former students and this shall be considered an official or educational interest. The policy also allows the University to disclose at its discretion student information to third parties for purposes other than an official or educational interest. Such purposes may include providing information on graduating students to companies for purposes of recruitment. Students may opt out of such disclosure by the University. Quick Links Registration           © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office