www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/edu/gd-fees.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Education at NUS > Graduate > Graduate Fees Fees for Graduate Programmes The University’s fees are reviewed and adjusted periodically to reflect the approximate cost of providing education to students.  Unlike undergraduate education, most graduate programmes are designed to be largely self-funding, with little or no subsidy from the Government of Singapore.  Nonetheless, at present, all graduate research programmes and some graduate coursework programmes remain subsidised to a significant extent.  Tuition The annual tuition fees for different categories of government-subsidised graduate programmes are set out here.  The substantial tuition subsidy from the Government of Singapore comes in the form of a MOE Subsidy which is administered by the Ministry of Education (MOE) and is offered to all admitted students up to the maximum course duration. Students need not apply for the MOE Subsidy if they are eligible.  International Students reading a government-subsidised programme can apply for the Service Obligation Scheme to pay reduced, subsidised tuition fees. Most government-subsidised programmes are deemed feasible by the University to offer the Service Obligation Scheme except for programmes listed here. Tuition fees for self-funded graduate coursework programmes can be found at the respective programme websites. The list of self-funded graduate coursework programmes is set out here.   Miscellaneous Fees Miscellaneous fees help meet costs incurred by the University in providing services to the student community that are either not covered or only partially covered by the tuition fee and government subsidy. These services include healthcare for students; facilitating student cultural, social and recreational programmes; and maintaining the shuttle bus service, IT network and other essential campus infrastructure and services. All students, whether registered on a full-time or part-time basis, are charged the miscellaneous fees. These are due at the same time as the tuition fees. The miscellaneous fees payable are set out here.   Fee Payment Procedures The Office of Financial Services publishes information on deadlines for fee payments and modes of fee payment. The Office will send an email notification to students (via students’ NUS email accounts) to view their online Student Bill at least 2 weeks before the scheduled deadline for fee payment.   Late and Partial Payment Penalties Students who do not meet fee payment deadlines stipulated by the Office of Financial Services may incur penalty fees. If fees are not paid, or only partially paid, by the due date indicated in the bill, a late fee will be stipulated. Should fees remain outstanding after the relevant fee payment due date, a Negative Service Indicator (NSI) will be tagged against the student account as a “Hold” and the student will not be able to receive his/her results transcript, his/her thesis will not be examined (for research students), student status / conferment letter will be withheld, the student will not be able to view exam results / enroll for any modules and his/her degree scroll will be withheld (for graduating students). In addition, students with overdue fees may have their candidature of study terminated.   Change in Academic Load For programmes with different fee rates for full-time and part-time enrolment, part-time fees are payable for students who convert from full-time to part-time within Instructional Week 2 of the semester. Full-time fees would be charged for conversions thereafter. Full-time fees will be charged for conversion from part-time to full-time anytime throughout the semester.   Staff Concession Students who are full-time NUS staff members may be eligible to apply for the staff concession on the tuition fees of part-time, government-subsidised graduate programmes. Information on the staff concession is available at OHR Intranet at Staff Portal.   Refund Policy Students who leave the University, either through withdrawal of their own accord or termination of candidature by the University, after Instructional Week 2 of the semester will be liable to pay fees for the entire semester. Research students who submit their theses after Instructional Week 2 but within the first half of the semester can receive a half semester tuition fee refund.   Financial Assistance NUS has an array of financial assistance and scholarships/awards available to help graduate students finance their studies in the University.  For more details, click here. Quick Links FAQs-Tuition Fees for Government-subsidised Graduate Programmes, (AY2014/2015)     List of self-funded programmes     Eligibility Guidelines for MOE Subsidy     Service Obligation Scheme     Graduate Financial Assistance       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office