www.alexa.com/toolbar/tour
Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard The Alexa Toolbar Tour The Alexa Toolbar is a free search and navigation companion that accompanies you as you surf, providing useful information about the sites you visit without interrupting your Web browsing. After you install the Alexa Toolbar, you will have a new toolbar built into your browser that looks like this: Search the Web and other resources directly from your toolbar. Learn about Web sites including traffic information and contact info. Surf more efficiently with Related Links for each page. Share opinions about sites with other users. Features of the Alexa Toolbar Web Search The Alexa Web Search is a whole new way to searchthe web. Begin by typing your search term into the box thenpress enter. You will be transported to a world of behind-the-scenesinformation about each site on the web. Don't waste time siftingthrough lousy sites. Use the Alexa Web Search and know before you go. Site Info Alexa's exclusive Site Information allows youto peer behind the scenes of each site on the web. Get accessto contact information and detailed stats of web sites. Related Links Alexa's Related Links are a great way to discovernew sites. As you surf the web, the toolbar is constantlyupdating with information about where other users visit. The Wayback Machine Having trouble getting access to your favoritesite, or want to see what it looked like in the past? TheWayback Machine can transport you back in time to see archivedcopies of your favorite sites. Click the Wayback button, selecta date, and go! Hot Pages Find out what websites Alexa Toolbar users are looking at right now. The list is updated every five minutes. Hot Topics The hottest topics on the web right now, according to Alexa Toolbar users. With over 10 million downloads, the Alexa toolbar is a sure winner. Whether you are new to the web, or a savvy surfingpro, this is the tool for you. What are you waiting for? Toolbars and extensions are available for these browsers: Internet Explorer: 6.0 or newer Firefox: 3.0.9 or newer Google Chrome Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc.