www.nus.edu.sg/irb/
myEmail IVLE Library Map Calendar ä¸­æ–‡ NUS Website Internet Staff Directory Home About Us About NUS-IRB Overview and History Mission and Principles Composition of the IRB IRB Alerts Contact Us Guidelines General Review Process Submission Instructions NUS Code and Procedures on Research Research Data Management Policy DPRT Circular on CITI training Conflict of Interest Type of Review Exemption Expedited Review Changes in IRB Review Informed Consent Participant Information Sheet & Consent Form Parental/Guardian Consent Recruitment Materials Advertisements Research Involving Tissues Blood Collection Commercial Cell Lines Extracted Teeth Tissue Banking Cadaveric Specimens Student Research Ethics Review of Student Research FAQ on Student Research Use of Deception in Research Forms For New Applications Full/Expedited Review (All Types) Full/Expedited Review (Social & Behavioral Research Only) Exemption from Full Review Study Protocol (for Exemptions) e-Declaration (Commercial Cell Lines Only) For Approved Protocols Protocol Amendment Continuing Review Report Final Report Adverse / Unanticipated Event Report Human Sample Types Template Administrative List of PI and Co-Investigators HOD Assessment Form References Glossary Training Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative (CITI) FAQ Contact Us - Welcome to the NUS-IRB website - Click on the links above to navigate. Latest News The NUS Institutional Review Board Turns 10 We have rolled out a new website In conjunction with the 10th anniversary of the NUS Institutional Review Board. read more Use of Lucky Draws for Recruitment of Research Participants The NUS Institutional Review Board (IRB) had received several queries from researchers on the use of lucky draws for the recruitment of research participants in research. As such, the Board felt that it would be helpful to researchers for a statement to be issued on the same. read more Note: All new applications must be submitted in hardcopy to the IRB office. Guidelines and Forms are accessible to NUS researchers only. For non-NUS researchers, please contact irb@nus.edu.sg. Submission Instructions Review Timelines Give Us Your Feedback!   © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Non- discrimination Home Site Map Contact Last modified on February 11, 2014 by NUS Institutional Review Board