www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/registration-qet.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Registration > Qualifying English Test   Registration for Qualifying English Test (QET) Students in the undergraduate programmes who do not possess the necessary English language qualifications are required to sit for the Qualifying English Test (QET) set by the Centre for English Language Communication (CELC). The objectives of the QET and format of the test are available at the CELC website.   The 1st QET for Academic Year 2014/2015 is scheduled as follows: 1st QET   Date: 16 July 2014 Time: 9.30 am to 11.15am Registration: All students sitting for the 1st QET have to register their attendance from 3 to 9 July 2014. Students who do not register by 9 July 2014 will have to sit for the next QET in November 2014 (date to be confirmed). Seat no. & Venues: The seat number and test venues will be released on 14 July 2014 after 3.00 pm. Please click the links to check the seat number and test venues after they are released: 1. Seat numbers & venues 2. Campus map Information for new students enrolled in July before the start of the academic year: Please note that you need your Student ID to check for your examination venue and seat number. If you have printed the confirmation page after you have completed the online QET registration, you can find your Student ID (e.g., A1234567X) under ‘ID’ on the confirmation page. If you have not printed the confirmation page, you can check your Student ID by following the steps below : 1. Go to the ‘Online Pre-registration for New Students’ (https://isisprereg.nus.edu.sg) and log in using one of the methods:   a) Application Number and Password/PIN b) Pre-Registration ID and Password 2. Go to the Main Menu (at the left hand side) > Self Service folder > select Student Center 3. Under ‘Personal Information’ > click on the ‘Demographic Data’ link > your Student ID appears under ‘ID’. Sitting for the test: Students must report to the test venue in time for the start of the test. Students will not be allowed admission to take the test 30 minutes after the start of the test.Students sitting for the QET are required to bring along an identification document with their photo attached (e.g. Student Card, NRIC, passport) to the examination venue. Release of results: 31 July 2014. To be retrieved via myISIS. Step by step guide for system access: Online Registration and Checking of Test Results Please take note that a student can only sit for the QET once.   You will be exempted from sitting for the QET if you possess any of the following qualifications: Singapore-Cambridge GCE ‘A’ Level   General Paper ('AO' Level GP) - B4 and above   or   General Paper (H1 Level GP) - C and above   or   Knowledge Inquiry (KI) - D and above International-Cambridge   General Paper (‘AS’ Level GP) - C and above High School Certificate (HSC)   General Paper (GP) - C and above SAT   Reading & Writing (750 and above) and Essay (10 and above) IELTS   Overall (8 and above) and Writing & Reading (8 and above) TOEFL   115 and above (internet-based), or 280 and above (computer-based), or 650 and above (paper-based) International Baccalaureate (IB)   Theory of Knowledge - C (Satisfactory) and above NCEA Achievement Standard 90720 or 90721   English at Level 3 Minimum rating of A (Achievement) has been attained NUS High School of Mathematics and Science   EL5102 English for Academic Purposes (Critical Reading & Writing) - B- and above   or   EL5101 – Language in Society II and EL6103 – Language in Society III - B and above in both In addition to the above, the following students are also exempted from sitting for the QET: Students admitted to Medicine (except for Nursing), Dentistry and Law courses Students admitted to Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Music (YSTCM students will sit for a separate YSTCM Placement Test) Students admitted to Yale-NUS College Part-time students enrolled in Bachelor of Technology Programmes and Bachelor of Science (Real Estate) Students who have taken and passed the QET at NUS or NTU or SMU within two years of a change in course/university or have attained an exemption grade in an English proficiency module in NUS or NTU or SMU. These include: (a) Students re-applying to NUS (b) Students switching courses within NUS (c) Students transferring from NTU (d) Students transferring from SMU Quick Links Registration of new students Registration for QET QET FAQ Contact Us   © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office