www.alexa.com/pro/basic
41e4 Alexa Pro Basic Plan - Metrics For Your Website, Certified For Accuracy Alexa Pro Basic Plan - Metrics For Your Website, Certified For Accuracy Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Products>Basic Plan Alexa Pro: The Basic Plan. Metrics for Your Website. Certified for Accuracy. Metrics You Can UseAlexa measures all of your website traffic and provides you with a simple,understandable dashboard of your key performance metrics. Certified by AlexaOur rigorous certification process ensures the highest degree of accuracy in ourmeasurements and delivers metrics you can trust. Uptime Monitor Alexa monitors your site soyou know what percentage of the time it is up, and more importantly when it was down. Enter your website to start your Free Trial.Start Your Free Trial then only$9.99 per monthCancel anytime Certified Site Metrics Uptime Monitor Site Comparisons Save 25% on Site Audits What's Included in The Basic Plan Certified Site Metrics Uptime Monitor  Enhanced Site Listing Site Comparisons Getting accurate metrics has never been easier We give you a small piece of code to install on your website, enabling Alexa to count alltraffic to your site. Then, we use a rigorous certification process to ensure the highestdegree of accuracy in your metrics. The result is Certified Site Metrics.Did you know...73% of all webmasters fail to count all of their website traffic Why Alexa Certified Site Metrics? Accurate metrics presented in a private dashboard. Unlike some solutions, we examine all of your traffic. Automatic filtering of robots and other metrics spam. Automatic site scans that help you achieve 100% code coverage. Key performance metrics such as unique visitors and pageviews. Ability to publish your certified metrics on your public site listing. A swanky badge to let everyone know your metrics are Certified. For sites with up to 10 million pageviews per month. How Does It Work? Install CodeYou place a piece of Alexa code on each page of your site. Site ScanWe scan your site to make sure the code is on every page. Get CertifiedIf everything looks good, then we Certify your metrics. View Your MetricsWe measure your traffic and give you a dashboard full of metrics. Your Private Metrics Dashboard (beta) Metrics you can understand and use. Traffic Overview Referrals Breakdown Site Engagement Uptime Monitor  Traffic Overview Access to key performance metrics with simple, easy-to-understand charts and graphs. Key Performance Indicators View core daily metrics such as Visitors, Visits and Pageviews. Hourly Metrics Hourly metrics help you stay on top of traffic patterns on your site. Easy to Compare Easy day-over-day and week-over-week comparisons to help you spot issues or any unusual activity. Track Your Progress Compare current versus past performance to track your progress.   Referrals Breakdown How are visitors finding your website? Search Referrals Referrals your site is getting from major search engines. Link Referrals Referrals your site is getting from links on other websites. Social Referrals Referrals your site is getting from social media sites. Direct Referrals Referrals your site is getting from people directly navigating to the site.   Site Engagement How engaged are your visitors with the content on your website? Bounce Rate Bounce Rate is the percent of visits that consist of a single pageview. Pageviews / Visit Pageviews per Visit is the average number of pageviews per visit to the site. Minutes / Visit The average length of a visit to the site during the selected time period.   Uptime Monitor Know when your site was down The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is integrated with yoursite's traffic metrics so you know immediately if asudden drop in traffic is due to problems with your server. Make sure your site stays up Know what percent of the time your site is down soyou can make sure you are getting the hosting you pay for.   Try our tools with1 Month Free Trial today! You can cancel anytime.Start Your Free Trial BACK TO TOP   Uptime Monitor Do you know if your site is down? When your site is down, you disappoint your visitorsand lose traffic. Most website owners don't know when their site isdown. With the Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor, track how often your site is upand gain the confidence that your visitors are not disappointed. The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is now included with yourCertified Site Metrics.Subscribe now and start monitoring your uptime in no time. Why Traffic and Uptime Metrics are Better Together Analyze them in one single location The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is integrated with yoursite's traffic metrics so you know immediately if a sudden drop intraffic is due to problems with your server. Make sure your site stays up To ensure that your site stays up, yourhosting company needs to be reliable. The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitorcan tell you how often your server is down. With the Uptime Monitoryou'll have the information you need to get things fixed. Easy access right from your Dashboard Along with visitors and pageviews, the uptime foryour site is one of the key performance indicators for thesuccess of your site. You can see all three numbers, updateddaily, right on your Alexa Pro Dashboard. View all features of Alexa PRO Dashboard Try our tools with1 Month Free Trial today! You can cancel anytime.Start Your Free Trial BACK TO TOP Certified Site MetricsEnhanced Site Listing Promote your website. Get more business. Attract more advertisers, business partners, and customers by promoting your website with an "Enhanced Site Listing" in Alexa's website directory. Millions of people visit Alexa each month to find and evaluate businesses. Make sure your site listing is accurate and optimized for the best possible presentation. The diagram below shows the many ways an "Enhanced Site Listing" will help you promote your site's performance. Try our tools with1 Month Free Trial today! You can cancel anytime.Start Your Free Trial BACK TO TOP Uptime MonitorSite Comparisons Comparing Sites Made Simple. With Alexa Site Comparisons, you can easily compare traffic, engagement, reputation,and demographics for a list of sites. See how your site is doing against the competition, or compare the major sites in your category to see what is working and who is winning. How Does It Work? Create a ListYou create a list of sites you are interested in. View ComparisonsWe display data for the sites you are comparing. Find WinnersEasily see which site is winning in which areas. Traffic Metrics Compare the popularity of websites with global rankings,rankings by country, global reach and pageviews. Engagement Metrics Compare user engagement across websites by looking atdaily pageviews per user, daily time on site, and bounce rate. Reputation Metrics Compare the reputation of sites by looking at the numberof sites linking in to each site. Compare the social reputation ofeach site by looking at Facebook likes and shares, and Google +1 activity. Demographics Compare the demographics of visitors to websites bylooking at the popularity of each site among various agegroups, education levels, income levels and by gender,ethnicity, and browsing location.   Try our tools with1 Month Free Trial today! You can cancel anytime.Start Your Free Trial BACK TO TOP Enhanced Site Listing Website URL Go Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc. © Alexa Internet, Inc.