www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/modenrol.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Module Enrolment   Module Enrolment At the beginning of each semester, all students must enroll in the modules they will read during the semester. New students should obtain academic counselling before enrolling in classes. Academic advisors can help students formulate degree objectives based on interests, abilities, and career goals. Such advisors are also able to help students plan towards the fulfillment of University and Programme requirements necessary for the completion of the degree programmes. Undergraduate students select and bid for modules through the Centralised Online Registration System (CORS)*. All students are given an equal amount of points per semester to bid for modules. Students should bid according to the value they place on particular modules, in relation to the total bid points at their disposal in each semester. The allocation of modules is based on the lowest successful bid points against the last available quota for the module at the end of each bidding round. If supply (module quota) exceeds demand (number of bidders) for a module for any bidding round, the lowest successful bid will be 1 bid point. If there is a tie in the lowest successful bid points, the outcome will be based on first-come-first-served. Unsuccessful bidders will be fully refunded. Any unused bid points after each round will be carried over to the next bidding round or to the next semester at the end of the registration exercise. The bidding system requires students to consider carefully their priorities as each decision has an impact on future choices. It is an opportunity to educate students on the need to weigh their options, make decisions and live with the consequences of their actions. Besides selecting and bidding for modules, a student can perform the following operations through CORS: Check on fulfillment of pre-requisites/preclusions Check on class/examination schedules Declare Majors/Minors Add/Drop modules Indicate intention to graduate - a process more commonly referred to as ‘Filing for Graduation (FFG)’ The general time schedule within which students must register, add or drop a module is given in the table below.  Nonetheless, the CORS Committee determines the exact dates/deadlines for the various processes each academic year.  These may eventually differ slightly from this general structure.  Students are advised to check the CORS website for the applicable deadlines in the semester of bidding. For Undergraduates Semester 1 & 2 Add new module(s) By end of Instructional Week 1 Drop module(s) without grade penalty (50% refund of bid points) By end of Instructional Week 2 Drop module(s) with ‘Withdrawn’ Grade (no refund of bid points) 1st day of Instructional Week 3 through last day of Recess Week Drop module(s) with ‘Fail’ Grade (full refund of bid points) 1st day of Instructional Week 7 onwards   Please refer to this website for the list of grades included in the computation of Cumulative Average Point (CAP). For the time being, module enrolment for graduate students is not done through CORS.  Graduate students will have to proceed to the respective Departments/Faculties to register for their modules.  The equivalent general time schedule is tabulated below: For Graduates Semester 1 & 2 Register for/add New Module(s) By end of Instructional Week 2 except: Cross Faculty Module Registration By end of Instructional Week 1 Drop module(s) without penalty Up to Instructional Week 2 Drop module(s) with ‘Withdrawn’ Grade 1st Day of Instructional Week 3 through last day of Recess Week Drop module(s) with ‘Fail’ Grade 1st day of Instructional Week 7 onwards   Please refer to this website for the list of grades included in the computation of Cumulative Average Point (CAP). *This is not applicable to students from Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine and Faculty of Dentistry. However, students from Faculty of Law who enrol for cross faculty modules for enrichment purposes will have to register for the modules through CORS. Quick Links For Non-Graduating Students:   -  Add Modules - Audit/Drop Modules *           *These are only available at specified periods.       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office