www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/edu/gd.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Education at NUS > Graduate Education   Graduate Education  NUS offers a variety of comprehensive and challenging graduate programmes, some of which are primarily research-based, while others are coursework-based.  The Graduate Diploma is offered as a terminal qualification and provides limited professional training in a specific niche.  The Master’s degree is intended to develop mastery of a field and prepares students for the practice of a profession or as a precursor to doctoral training.  The Doctoral degree is designed to prepare students for creative activity and original research, often in preparation for the pursuit of an academic career.  In order to accommodate students with full-time employment, some programmes allow students to enroll on a part-time basis, with modules conducted in the evenings, and in some instances, on Saturdays. Graduate students are admitted to either a coursework or research programme and are distinguished by the programme in which they are enrolled.  The Graduate Diploma and various Master’s degree programmes are offered under the coursework structure.  The Ph.D. and Master’s degrees in certain disciplines are strictly research-based programmes. Admission Requirements Curriculum Structure Degree Requirements Continuation and Graduation Requirements Candidature Matters Other Procedural Matters Special Programmes Fees Financial Assistance         © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office