www.alexa.com/help/traffic-learn-more
Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Company About Our Data Management Team Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Our Data Global Traffic Panel Alexa's traffic estimates are based on data from our global traffic panel,which is a sample of all internet users. The panel consists of millions ofinternet users using one of over 25,000 different browser extensions. What is Alexa Traffic Rank? The global traffic rank is a measure of how a website is doing relative toall other sites on the web over the past 3 months. The rank is calculated usinga combination of the estimated average daily unique visitors to the site andthe estimated number of pageviews on the site over the past 3 months. The sitewith the highest combination of unique visitors and pageviews is ranked #1. A website is typically defined at the domain level. For example,www.yahoo.com, omg.yahoo.com and news.yahoo.com areall treated as part of the same site, because they all reside on the same domain,yahoo.com. Exceptions are made for personal home pages and other hosted sites,for example beekeepers-cooperative.blogspot.com, which are treated asseparate sites. What is Alexa Traffic Rank in Country? The country traffic rank is a measure of how a website is doing amonginternet users in a particular country relative to other sites over the pastmonth. The rank by country is calculated using a combination of the estimatedaverage daily unique visitors to a site and the estimated number of pageviewson that site from users in that country over the past month. The site with thehighest combination of unique visitors and pageviews is ranked #1 in thatcountry. Certified Site Metrics Site owners may choose to certify their site's metrics by installing anAlexa script on their site. For sites with certified metrics, Alexa candirectly measure the website's traffic and compute a more accurate rank.Note that all data from certified sites is private to the site owner,unless the site owner chooses to publish it. Data Normalization Alexa's ranking methodology corrects for a large number of potential biasesin our sample and calculates the ranks accordingly. We normalize based on thegeographic location of site visitors. We correct for biases in the demographicdistribution of site visitors. We correct for potential biases in the datacollected from all the various browser extensions to better represent thosetypes of site visitors who might not be in Alexa's measurement panel. However,biases still exist, and to the extent that our sample of users differs from theset of all internet users, our traffic estimates may over- or under-estimatethe actual traffic to any particular site. Some Important Disclaimers Traffic estimates for sites with relatively low traffic are rough estimatesand are subject to greater volatility. Alexa's data comes from our trafficpanel of several million internet users; however, the concentration of userson the most popular sites makes it difficult to accurately determine theranking of sites with fewer than 1,000 monthly visitors. Generally, trafficrankings of 100,000 and above should be regarded as rough estimates.Conversely, the closer a site gets to #1, the more accurate its traffic rankingbecomes. Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc.