www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/registration-det.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Registration > Diagnostic English Test   Registration for the Diagnostic English Test (DET) The Diagnostic English test (DET) is an English placement test set by the Centre for English Language Communication (CELC) for graduate students pursuing the Master or Doctorate degrees. The objectives of the DET and format of the test are available at CELC’s website. The DET for Semester 1 of Academic Year 2014/2015 is scheduled as follows: DET   Date: 23 July 2014 Time: 9.30 am to 11.30 am Registration: Registration for the DET will open from 10 to 16 July 2014. Students who do not register by 16 July 2014 will have to sit for the next DET in January 2015 (date to be confirmed). New Graduate Students - Please register via the 'Online Pre-registration for New Students'. NOTE: The registration for DET is different from the completion of Pre-Registration. Please refer to the step-by-step guide in the last row of this table for instructions. Current Graduate Students - Please log-in to myISIS to register. Seat no. & Venues: These will be published on 18 July 2014: 1. Seat numbers & venue 2. Campus map Please note that you need your Student ID or Application Number to check for your examination venue and seat number. If you have printed the confirmation page after you have completed the online DET registration, you can find your Student ID (e.g., A1234567X) under ‘ID’ on the confirmation page. If you have not printed the confirmation page, you can check your Student ID by following the steps below : 1. Go to the ‘Online Pre-registration for New Students’ (https://isisprereg.nus.edu.sg) and log in using one of the methods:   a) Application Number and Password/PIN b) Pre-Registration ID and Password 2. Go to the Main Menu (at the left hand side) > Self Service folder > select Student Center 3. Under ‘Personal Information’ > click on the ‘Demographic Data’ link > your Student ID appears under ‘ID’. Sitting for the test: Students must report to the test venue in time for the start of the test. Students will not be allowed admission to take the test 30 minutes after the start of the test. Students sitting for the DET are required to bring along an identification document with their photo attached (e.g. Student Card, NRIC, passport) to the examination venue. IMPORTANT As proof of registration, please bring along the printed copy of: either the confirmation page or the screen capture of the registration page showing a tick in the "Register" column checkbox after the registration has closed. Release of results: 8 August 2014. To be retrieved via myISIS. Step by step guides for system access: Online Registration and Checking of Test Results Please take note that a student can only sit for the DET once. Frequently Asked Questions 1. Do I need to sit for the DET? / Can I be exempted from the DET?   You will be notified via your Offer of Admission Letter or by your Faculty Administrator whether you are required to sit for the DET. The DET is held in July and January before the start of each semester and registration for the DET will be held around 3 weeks before the day of the Test. A week before the DET registration period, an email reminder to register for the DET will be sent to students who are required to sit for the DET. For matters regarding exemption, please contact your Faculty Administrator.     2. I am unable to make it for the coming DET. Can I sit for the next one?   If you have been informed to sit for the DET, please note that it is a university-level requirement which must be fulfilled before graduation. Based on your DET result, you may also need to read and complete additional Graduate English courses (GEC) during your study at NUS. As such, we do not advise you to postpone sitting for the DET as your study / graduation schedule may be affected. You should also check with your Faculty Administrator on the faculty’s stand regarding this.If you have weighed the pros and cons and/or have your faculty’s approval to sit for the next DET, simply register for it during the relevant registration period.     3. When is the next DET date and registration period?   Information on the next DET (including the test date and registration period) will be uploaded onto the DET website once it is available. Please check the website regularly for the latest information and updates.     4. What is the DET test format and grading criteria?   Please refer to the Centre for English Language Communications (CELC) website, http://www.nus.edu.sg/celc/ for more information.     5. I forgot to print my registration confirmation page. How can I check if I am registered?   You can return to the QET/DET Registration page to check your registration status.  If you have registered, there should be a tick in the “Register” column checkbox on the page.     6. How can I register for Graduate English Course (GEC)?   Please refer to the Centre for English Language Communications (CELC) website, http://www.nus.edu.sg/celc/ for more information. Quick Links Registration for the DET FAQs Contact Us Graduate English Courses   © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office