www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/edu/modular.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Education at NUS > Modular System Modular System   The undergraduate and graduate curricula are based on a modular system2. The NUS modular system combines the rigour and depth of the British university system with the flexibility and breadth of the American system.  Under this system, workloads are expressed in terms of Modular Credits (MCs), and academic performance is measured by grade points on a 5-point scale.  Students can progress at their own pace and choose from a wide range of modules offered by different Faculties/Schools. The modular system offers students the possibility of accelerating their courses of study by taking more modules per semester (i.e., above the average of 20 MCs per semester), subject to the approval of their home Faculty.   Modules Each module of study has a unique module code consisting of a two- or three-letter prefix that denotes the discipline, and four digits, the first of which indicates the level of the module (e.g., 1000 indicates a Level 1 module and 2000, a Level 2 module). Pre-requisites, Co-requisites, and Preclusions Pre-requisites indicate the base of knowledge on which the subject matter of a particular module will be built.  Before taking a module, a student should complete any pre-requisite module(s) listed for that particular module.  Where pre-requisites are specified, equivalent modules will also be accepted.  If in doubt, students should consult the module instructor or the Department academic advisor regarding the acceptable equivalent modules.  Co-requisites are modules that are to be taken concurrently.  A module may also specify certain preclusions. These are modules that have similar emphases and may not be taken together with that particular module. Workload The weekly workload of each module is given in the full module description. There are five workload components to each module. In the module description, these components are given in a series of five numbers.  For example, NM2217 Creating Interactive Media has a workload of ‘2-2-0-3-3’. If we represent the five numbers in a workload series as ‘A-B-C-D-E’, each letter would refer to: Component Description Remarks A No. of Lecture hours Actual contact hours per week B No. of Tutorial hours Actual contact hours per week C No. of Laboratory hours Actual contact hours per week D No. of hours for projects, assignments, fieldwork, etc This caters to assignments, independent studies, fieldwork, and other forms of continuous assessment that contribute towards the final grade of the module. E No. of hours for preparatory work This refers to the number of hours a student is expected to spend each week in preparing for lectures and tutorials.   Modular Credits A modular credit (MC) is a unit of the effort, stated in terms of time, expected of a typical student in managing his/her workload.  The MC-value of a module is derived by dividing the estimated total number of workload hours per week for that module by the credit factor of 2.5 (i.e., one MC is equivalent to 2.5 hours of study and preparation per week).  Thus, a 4-MC module would require 10 hours of work a week, including lectures, tutorials, laboratory sessions, assignments, and independent or group study. Grade Points Students receive letter grades for each module taken, except for the cases listed below.  Each grade corresponds to a grade point as shown below: Grade Grade Point A+ 5.0 A A- 4.5 B+ 4.0 B 3.5 B- 3.0 C+ 2.5 C 2.0 D+ 1.5 D 1.0 F 0 As the above table indicates, a plus (+) or minus (-) suffix added to a grade raises or lowers the grade point value, except in the case of A+, which carries the same grade points as the A grade.  Cumulative Average Point (CAP) Academic progress is tracked by the CAP, which is the weighted average grade point of all modules taken by a student.  Therefore, a student’s CAP is the sum of the module grade points multiplied by the number of MCs for the corresponding module, divided by the total number of MCs.  This is represented as follows: CAP = sum (module grade point x MCs assigned to module) sum (MCs assigned to all modules used in calculating the numerator) Modules with no assigned MCs or grade points are excluded from the calculation of CAP. There are a number of situations for which no grade points are assigned: Completed Satisfactorily/Completed Unsatisfactorily (CS/CU) A module may be graded on a ‘CS/CU’ basis, i.e., whether the module has been ‘Completed Satisfactorily’ (CS) or ‘Completed Unsatisfactorily’ (CU).  CS/CU modules are typically industrial attachment, internship or enrichment modules.  Modular credits will be given for modules that are completed satisfactorily, although no grade point will be assigned.  A module is designated ‘CS/CU’; unlike modules graded on an S/U basis, it is not an option. Exempted (EXE) This grade is awarded when a student is exempted from or given credit for a module under the Advanced Placement process. Incomplete (IC) The ‘IC’ grade is assigned when a student’s work is of passing quality but is incomplete for good reasons (e.g., illness during the official examination period).  However, even such good reasons will not warrant an ‘IC’ grade if the work already completed for the module is clearly not of passing quality; instead, students should note that the ‘F’ grade will be assigned in such cases.  A module assigned an ‘IC’ grade normally cannot be used to fulfil the pre-requisite of a higher-level module.  Should a student choose to repeat the module in a subsequent semester, none of the work done previously may be carried forward for assessment purposes. In Progress (IP) For a module that extends beyond more than one semester, evaluation of a student’s performance is deferred until the completion of the module.  The provisional grade of ‘IP’ is assigned in the intervening semesters.  This is replaced with the final grade when the student completes the module. Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory (S/U) Undergraduate students may elect to have certain modules graded on a ‘Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory’ (S/U) basis subject to certain conditions. For graduate students, please refer to your Faculty/School for advice. Withdrawn (W) When a student withdraws from a module between the first day of Week 3 of the instructional period and the last day of the Recess Week, a ‘W’ grade will be recorded in the transcript.  Withdrawals after this period (i.e. from the first day of Week 7 of the instructional period) will result in an ‘F’ grade, which will be included in the computation of the CAP and will not be eligible for the S/U option.   2 Dentistry (Undergraduate), Law, and Medicine (Undergraduate) are currently not on the modular system.     © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office