www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/edu/UG/fees.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Education at NUS > Undergraduate > Fees     Fees for Undergraduate Programmes At present, undergraduate education at NUS is highly subsidized by the Government of Singapore, which pays for the bulk of the operating costs besides the infrastructural costs. The University’s fees are reviewed and adjusted periodically to reflect the cost of providing education to students. Tuition Grant The substantial tuition subsidy from the Government of Singapore comes in the form of a tuition grant which is administered by the Ministry of Education (MOE) and offered to all admitted students. Students who apply for and are approved for the tuition grants need only pay subsidised fees. While the tuition grant is not repayable, and Singapore citizens in receipt of it will not be required to undertake a service bond, the following accountability measures will apply:Singapore citizens on Public Service Commission (PSC) scholarships or bursaries will be required to undertake a service bond under the terms of such scholarships or bursaries. All students, regardless of nationality, admitted to the Faculties of Medicine or Dentistry (in the case of Singapore citizens, only those who are not on PSC scholarships or bursaries) will be required to undertake a service bond with the Singapore Ministry of Health for five or six years for Singapore citizens or Singapore Permanent Residents/international students pursuing the medical course respectively, and four or five years for Singapore citizens or Singapore Permanent Residents/international students pursuing the dental course respectively. All Singapore Permanent Residents and international students (except those already in receipt of a service bond from the PSC or the Ministry of Health) will be required to undertake a service bond under the terms of the tuition grant to work for a Singapore-registered company for three years upon completion of their degrees so as to discharge some of their obligations to the Singapore public for the high subsidy to their university education. If you have further queries after examining the eligibility guidelines for Tuition Grant, please refer to MOE’s website on Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs), or contact MOE’s Tuition Grant Unit at: Tuition Grant Unit Higher Education Division Office Tower Level 15 Ministry of Education, Singapore 1 North Buona Vista Drive Singapore 138675 Tel: +65 6879 7333/4 Fax: +65 6776 8609 MOE_tgonline@moe.gov.sg Tuition The current annual tuition fees payable are set out here. The cohort-based fee system is introduced for the new undergraduate intake of all Faculties/Schools from AY2008/09. Under the cohort-based fee system, tuition fee for an intake cohort of students will be fixed throughout the student's entire candidature. While fees continue to be reviewed annually and adjustments made as and when necessary with each new cohort of students, each new cohort will know the exact amount of tuition fees they have to pay throughout their entire candidature. This enables students to better plan for the financing of their undergraduate studies. The per annum fee amount covering Semesters 1 and 2 of an academic year is payable in two equal instalments at the start of each semester. Semestral fees are payable as long as a student's candidature remains active. Students who read modules in the Special Term will pay a per-module fee amount applicable to their intake cohort. For more information, examine the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ). National Servicemen who had accepted admission to NUS earlier but plan to register and enroll as a student with the current cohort and beyond will be charged the tuition fees prevailing at the time they accepted their offer of admission. If the National Serviceman does not accept the place first offered and accepts offers to NUS in the subsequent years, he will not be able to enjoy the tuition fee effective in the year of his first offer but will have to pay the tuition fee effective in the latest year of offer which he has accepted. If the National Serviceman accepts the place first offered and successfully changes his course of study in a subsequent year, prior to his enrolment to the University, he will pay the tuition fee of the new course at the rate applicable to the year of the first offer accepted. Miscellaneous Fees Miscellaneous fees help meet costs incurred by the University in providing services to the student community that are either not covered or only partially covered by the tuition fee and government subsidy. These services include healthcare for students; facilitating student cultural, social and recreational programmes; and maintaining the shuttle bus service, IT network and other essential campus infrastructure and services. All students, whether registered on a full-time or part-time basis, are charged the miscellaneous fees. These are due at the same time as the tuition fees. The miscellaneous fees payable are set out here. Fee Payment Procedures The Office of Financial Services publishes information on deadlines for fee payments and modes of fee payment. The Office will send an email notification to students, at their NUS email accounts, to view their Student Bill online at least 2 weeks before the scheduled deadline for fee payment. Late and Partial Payment Penalties Students who do not meet fee payment deadlines stipulated by the Office of Financial Services, may incur penalty fees. If fees are not paid, or only partially paid, by the due date indicated in the bill, a late fee will be stipulated. Should fees remain outstanding after the relevant fee payment deadline, a Negative Service Indicator (NSI) will be tagged against the student account as a “Hold”. Students will not be able to receive their results transcript, view exam results, enroll for any modules, student status/conferment letter will be withheld and degree scroll will be withheld for graduating students. In addition, students with overdue fees may have their candidature of study terminated. Refund Policy Students who leave the University, either through withdrawal of their own accord or termination of candidature by the University, after Instructional Week 2 of the semester will be liable to pay fees for the entire semester. Requests for refund will generally not be considered. Financial Assistance The University is committed to providing a quality education for all our students and to ensuring that no deserving student is denied admissions because of financial difficulty. Needy students can apply for financial aid which will be offered if they meet the eligibility criteria.  Financial aid will be in the form of a financial aid package which may comprise a combination of loans, bursary, and work-study assistance.  Students who are in need of financial assistance should approach the Office of Admissions, which oversees matters pertaining to student financial aid. Quick Links Eligibility Guidelines for Tuition Grant FAQs-Undergraduate Tuition Fees (wef AY2014/2015) Undergraduate Financial Aid       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office