www.nus.edu.sg/comcen/security/
myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search Home About Us Vision & Mission Milestones Organisation Strategic Goals News TechN'US HPC@NUS Events Visits Papers & Presentations Media Coverage Awards Contact Us Get Services >  Information Security Information Security Computer Centre is responsible for formulation of IT Security Policies and Guidelines for NUS, facilitation of security & virus threats resolution, and maintaining secure systems inside NUS. This continual effort means protecting information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction.   IT Security Awareness Security is only as strong as the weakest link. Computer Centre values the security awareness to provide security guides, FAQs and other security related information for end users.   Vulnerability & Threat Management Security Advisories are broadcasted to NUS community for users to take preventive measures against any latest IT security threats. Vulnerability management is supported for fixed IP systems on campus network while security alerts facilitates the system administrators across campus to discover, monitor and fix the vulnerabilities in a systematic manner.   Penetration Testing, Security Audit & Reviews IT Security assurance involves regular penetration test, security audit and reviews for NUS IT infrastructures, systems and applications.   Security Incident Handling & Response Computer Centre responds and investigates IT Security related incidents. Engagement through hand in hand efforts with system administrators across faculties and departments minimize damage, find out the root cause, and gather valuable lesson learnt to prevent future incidents. Computer Centre also works with ISPes, authorities and other organizations to prevent cybercrimes. Â© Copyright 2001-2009 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved.. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 1 February, 2009 by Computer Centre