www.alexa.com/company/managers
3288 Alexa Internet - Management Team Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Company About Our Data Management Team Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Alexa's Management Team Dave Sherfesee PresidentAlexa Internet Responsibilities at Alexa President Educational Background Dave holds a B.S. in Physics from Louisiana State University. He was awarded a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship to attend the University of California at Berkeley, where he received his M.A. in Astrophysics. Dave also has an MBA from the Haas School of Business at UC Berkeley. Work History Dave joined Alexa Engineering in 2000 and has spearheaded the design and development of distributed systems such as the Wayback Machine. Prior to his current position, Dave was Chief Revenue Officer, Vice President of Engineering, and Director of Crawl Engineering. Greg Orelind Product ManagerAlexa Internet Responsibilities at Alexa Product Manager Educational Background Greg holds Bachelor's and Master's degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Work History As Manager of Web Services at Alexa, Greg managed the release of the Alexa's web services on the Amazon Web Services Platform. Prior to joining Alexa, Greg worked in the robotics industry. He was a co-founder of Commotion Technology, Inc. - the first company using java to control industrial robots. Prior to that he was Software Product Manager at Adept Technology, Inc. Ron Shalhoup Sr. Operations ManagerAlexa Internet Responsibilities at Alexa Ron Shalhoup is Sr. Operations Manager at Alexa Internet. Prior to assuming hiscurrent role, Ron served as Infrastructure Architect for eight years. Educational Background Ron holds a B.A. in Computer Science from the University of Delaware, a M.A. inDemography from Georgetown University, and he is currently pursuing an MBA withan emphasis on sustainability at the Presidio Graduate School. Work History Ron has nearly twenty years of professional experience in the tech industrywith a variety of positions which included manager, senior member or lead rolesin software development, systems administration, network design and monitoring,and configuration management. Some of Ron's previous employers and clientsinclude Sun Microsystems, Sybase, Diba, CACI, and Georgetown Medical Center. Steve Dawson Software Engineering ManagerAlexa Internet Responsibilities at Alexa Steve manages Alexa's crack team of software engineers. Educational Background Steve received a B.S. in physics and a B.A. in philosophy from the University of California, Irvine, and his M.A. and Ph.D in astronomy from the University of California, Berkeley. Work History Steve joined Alexa as a Data Mining Engineer in 2005. Prior to assuming his present role, he performed engineering duties for and was the technical lead on a variety of Alexa products. Non-work History Steve currently resides in Oakland, CA, where he enjoys scuba diving, rock and roll, and the pursuit of various adventures. Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc.