www.alexa.com/pro/insight
41e4 Alexa Pro Insight Plan - Optimize Your Website And Increase Your Traffic Alexa Pro Insight Plan - Optimize Your Website And Increase Your Traffic Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Products>Insight Plan Alexa Pro: The Insight Plan. Optimize your website and grow your web traffic. Get More Search TrafficWith the SEO Audit, we examine up to 1,000 pages of your site every month and give youeasy-to-follow SEO recommendations to increase your free search traffic. Track Your ProgressYour site is graded every month, so you can track your SEO progress, view updated SEOrecommendations, and make new improvements to your site. Learn What WorksBy combining the SEO Audit with Certified Site Metrics, it's easy to measure the impact ofyour SEO changes on your search traffic. Learn from your success and watch your traffic grow. Enter your website to get startedSubscribe Now $49 per month Cancel anytime 1 SEO Audit per month Analyze up to 1,000 pages Certified Site Metrics Site Comparisons Save 25% on Site Audits What's Included in The Insight Plan Monthly SEO Audit Certified Site Metrics Uptime Monitor  Enhanced Site Listing Site Comparisons Maximize Your Free Search Traffic The SEO Audit is the ultimate SEO tool for website owners. It scans your site once amonth and analyzes up to 1,000 web pages. Then you receive personalizedrecommendations that help you improve your SEO and increase your free traffic from search engines. The SEO Audit is perfect for websites with fewer than 1,000 pages.Explore all of the features of the SEO Audit below. How does it work? Site ScanOnce per month, we scan up to 1,000 pages of your website. AnalysisWe analyze your site, looking for ways you can improve your placement in search engines. RecommendationsWe deliver actionable recommendations, tailored specifically for your website. Topics Inside the SEO Audit Titles and Tags Links Keywords And More For search engines, one of the most important on-page factors is the title of your page. Are you missing an opportunity to rank better in search results? Duplicate Title Tags Unique, descriptive page titles increase the likelihood that search engines will direct users in your target audience to your website. The Alexa Site Audit gives you a detailed listing of duplicate titles used on multiple unique pages to help users locate pages on your site. Missing Title Tags Most search engines display the page title in search results, and if your page is missing a title you could be losing an opportunity to drive traffic to your site. The Alexa Site Audit gives you a comprehensive list of pages on your site that are missing a title. Long Title Tags When search engines display your page title, they will often truncate titles that are too long. The Alexa Site Audit identifies all pages on your site with titles that are too long. Multiple Title Tags Each page on your site needs a unique title that describes the content on the page, but sometimes it is easy to have more than one title on a page. The Alexa Site Audit checks this for you, and will give you a list of pages with multiple titles. Duplicate Meta Description Meta descriptions, like page content, should be unique. We can help you find any duplicate meta descriptions across your entire site so that your pages get properly indexed.   Image Descriptions Using image descriptions can help search engines index the non-text content of your pages, and makes your site more accessible for the visually impaired. Discover the location of pages on your site that have images with no description. Search engines use links to help determine what pages are about. Make sure every link on your site counts. Reachability Reachability is a measure of how many links a crawler must follow to locate pages on your site. Our analysis of your site provides you with a list of hard-to-reach pages to help you quickly identify obscured content. Broken Links A broken link undermines the user experience, wastes search engine crawler resources, and can affect your placement in search engines. With the Alexa Site Audit, you can find all the broken links on your site and quickly make changes. Long URLs Most search engines display URLs in search results. If an URL is too long, people doing searches will see a truncated version and you might miss an opportunity to get them to click. Redirects Redirecting too many of the pages on your site to other pages wastes crawler resources and may result in a smaller number of pages being crawled. Our analysis can determine whether or not you are using redirects effectively. Too Many Links Links are good. Having too many links can potentially make the page more difficult to navigate, and could create other SEO problems. Discover the pages on your site that have too many links. Session IDs Sites that use session ID parameters as part of their URLs may receive a lower ranking in search results. Find out which pages on your site use these with the Alexa Site Audit.   On-Site Links We also analyze the link structure of your site to determine which pages could benefit from more links from across your site. Search engines want to serve the best, most relevant pages to their visitors. Are you making it easy for search engines to understand what your pages are about? Anchor Text Effective anchor text concisely describes the destination page. The Alexa Site Audit provides a comprehensive list of links found on various pages of your site. Duplicate Content Reusing text and images on your site? This can have more of a negative effect than you know. Find out how the duplicate content on your site affects your search engine rank. Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Build upon your existing SEM efforts with our keyword recommendations, tailored to your site. Using our vast database of search analytics, we can help you find the more cost-effective and relevant keywords to use for advertising. Low Word Count Pages with little or no text content often receive poor placement in search results. In the Alexa Site Audit, you can find a listing of pages containing little or no text content to help improve your placement in search results.   The SEO Audit also checks for common usability, server and crawl accessibility problems. Alexa stays on top of things for you, so you can concentrate on generating great content. Hostname Many websites allow for users to visit them through both http://domain.com and http://www.domain.com. Most search engines treat these as separate hosts, so it is important to have one redirect to the other or you risk splitting your Page Rank across the two versions of your site. Dead End Pages Pages without any links are not good for your visitors. We can show you which pages on your site are dead ends to help you improve the user experience. Page Not Found A good '404' or 'Page Not Found' error page does more than simply report the error. Our analysis of your site can tell you whether or not you have created a proper 'Page Not Found' error page. Server Errors Server errors indicate major problems with the content of your site. The Alexa Site Audit checks for server errors on your site and provides a comprehensive list of pages that are giving server errors.   Robots.txt A misconfigured robots.txt file can inadvertently block crawlers from valuable content. The Alexa Site Audit can check to see if your robots.txt file is configured correctly, and provides recommendations if it is not. BACK TO TOP  Certified Site Metrics Getting accurate metrics has never been easier We give you a small piece of code to install on your website, enabling Alexa to count alltraffic to your site. Then, we use a rigorous certification process to ensure the highestdegree of accuracy in your metrics. The result is Certified Site Metrics.Did you know...73% of all webmasters fail to count all of their website traffic Why Alexa Certified Site Metrics? Accurate metrics presented in a private dashboard. Unlike some solutions, we examine all of your traffic. Automatic filtering of robots and other metrics spam. Automatic site scans that help you achieve 100% code coverage. Key performance metrics such as unique visitors and pageviews. Ability to publish your certified metrics on your public site listing. A swanky badge to let everyone know your metrics are Certified. For sites with up to 50 million pageviews per month. How Does It Work? Install CodeYou place a piece of Alexa code on each page of your site. Site ScanWe scan your site to make sure the code is on every page. Get CertifiedIf everything looks good, then we Certify your metrics. View Your MetricsWe measure your traffic and give you a dashboard full of metrics. Your Private Metrics Dashboard (beta) Metrics you can understand and use. Traffic Overview Referrals Breakdown Site Engagement Uptime Monitor  Traffic Overview Access to key performance metrics with simple, easy-to-understand charts and graphs. Key Performance Indicators View core daily metrics such as Visitors, Visits and Pageviews. Hourly Metrics Hourly metrics help you stay on top of traffic patterns on your site. Easy to Compare Easy day-over-day and week-over-week comparisons to help you spot issues or any unusual activity. Track Your Progress Compare current versus past performance to track your progress.   Referrals Breakdown How are visitors finding your website? Search Referrals Referrals your site is getting from major search engines. Link Referrals Referrals your site is getting from links on other websites. Social Referrals Referrals your site is getting from social media sites. Direct Referrals Referrals your site is getting from people directly navigating to the site.   Site Engagement How engaged are your visitors with the content on your website? Bounce Rate Bounce Rate is the percent of visits that consist of a single pageview. Pageviews / Visit Pageviews per Visit is the average number of pageviews per visit to the site. Minutes / Visit The average length of a visit to the site during the selected time period.   Uptime Monitor Know when your site was down The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is integrated with yoursite's traffic metrics so you know immediately if asudden drop in traffic is due to problems with your server. Make sure your site stays up Know what percent of the time your site is down soyou can make sure you are getting the hosting you pay for.   BACK TO TOP Monthly SEO Audit Uptime Monitor Do you know if your site is down? When your site is down, you disappoint your visitorsand lose traffic. Most website owners don't know when their site isdown. With the Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor, track how often your site is upand gain the confidence that your visitors are not disappointed. The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is now included with yourCertified Site Metrics.Subscribe now and start monitoring your uptime in no time. Why Traffic and Uptime Metrics are Better Together Analyze them in one single location The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is integrated with yoursite's traffic metrics so you know immediately if a sudden drop intraffic is due to problems with your server. Make sure your site stays up To ensure that your site stays up, yourhosting company needs to be reliable. The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitorcan tell you how often your server is down. With the Uptime Monitoryou'll have the information you need to get things fixed. Easy access right from your Dashboard Along with visitors and pageviews, the uptime foryour site is one of the key performance indicators for thesuccess of your site. You can see all three numbers, updateddaily, right on your Alexa Pro Dashboard. View all features of Alexa PRO Dashboard BACK TO TOP Certified Site MetricsEnhanced Site Listing Promote your website. Get more business. Attract more advertisers, business partners, and customers by promoting your website with an "Enhanced Site Listing" in Alexa's website directory. Millions of people visit Alexa each month to find and evaluate businesses. Make sure your site listing is accurate and optimized for the best possible presentation. The diagram below shows the many ways an "Enhanced Site Listing" will help you promote your site's performance. BACK TO TOP Uptime MonitorSite Comparisons Comparing Sites Made Simple. With Alexa Site Comparisons, you can easily compare traffic, engagement, reputation,and demographics for a list of sites. See how your site is doing against the competition, or compare the major sites in your category to see what is working and who is winning. How Does It Work? Create a ListYou create a list of sites you are interested in. View ComparisonsWe display data for the sites you are comparing. Find WinnersEasily see which site is winning in which areas. Traffic Metrics Compare the popularity of websites with global rankings,rankings by country, global reach and pageviews. Engagement Metrics Compare user engagement across websites by looking atdaily pageviews per user, daily time on site, and bounce rate. Reputation Metrics Compare the reputation of sites by looking at the numberof sites linking in to each site. Compare the social reputation ofeach site by looking at Facebook likes and shares, and Google +1 activity. Demographics Compare the demographics of visitors to websites bylooking at the popularity of each site among various agegroups, education levels, income levels and by gender,ethnicity, and browsing location.   BACK TO TOP Enhanced Site Listing Website URL Go Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc. © Alexa Internet, Inc.