www.nus.edu.sg/oqm/
1038 NUS- Office of Quality Management myEmail IVLE Library Map Calendar ä¸­æ–‡ NUS Website Internet Staff Directory 758 Home About Us Director's Welcome About OQM Overview History & Milestones Mission & Values Job Openings Publications Customer Service Handbook Oliver Learning Series NUS Academic Calendar Staff Programmes Organisational Excellence NUS Service Class Quality Service Management Service Excellence NUS Quality Service Award University surveys Operational Excellence NUS Lean Six-Sigma Yellow Belt NUS Lean Six-Sigma Green Belt NUS Lean Six-Sigma Black Belt Staff Suggestions Scheme Work Improvement Teams Benchmarking Events Learning Institutions Quality Conference International Convention for Quality Control Circles NUS Excellence Day Networks Corporate Weblog Knowledgebase Newsletters NUS Groups Quality Forum Media Gallery News Feeds Hall of Fame Contact Us Our Mission & Values   We aim to be a passionate champion of a quality culture at NUS through an integrated training, consulting and assurance framework.   Our activities revolve around four values: Leadership, Innovation, Value and Excellence, or LIVE. We traing teams and individuals to be more effective. We recognise and celebrate outstanding teams, offices and individuals who serve as role-models of excellence.   Read more NUS Quality Service Award   The NUS Quality Service Award (NUS QSA) is an annual university award that affirms in individuals their superb service attitude and a keen understanding on just how to exceed the expectations of their customers.   Attaining the NUS QSA signals an unqualified commitment to service excellence. Nominated employees have the opportunity to achieve one of four levels of NUS QSA: Service Champion, Service Leader, Service Achiever and Service Advocate. A certificate recognising their dedication is conferred only at the prestiguous NUS Excellence Day.   Read more NUS Service abfClass   Conferred only at the prestigious NUS Excellence Day ceremony, the NUS Service Class trophy is an elegantly-designed art piece that portrays a deep commitment to service excellence in NUS.   Forged from gold and solid pewter, the curvaceous symbol is the Chinese character 'REN', which means 'people'. The unique trophy drives home the message that the core of service excellence are extraordinary individuals   Read more Learning Institutions Quality Conference   Whether your project follows a Lean Six Sigma methodology, or the traditional Deming cycle, we believe that the team that coalesce around work improvement efforts are powerful agents of change.   Hosted by NUS, and organised by OQM, the Learning Institutions Quality Conference (LIQC) aims to provide an enduring platform for sharing administrative best practices between organisations, and build collaborative networks of change and innovation across institutions.   Read more 13d2 Latest News Forum News Events Staff Suggestions IQ Teams Hall of Fame Quality Forum Photo & Video Gallery NUS Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Green Belt Black belt   © Copyright 2001- 2014 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Non- discrimination Home Careers Site Map Contact Last modified on January 19, 2012 by Amir Hamid