www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/faqs/ug_qetfaq.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Registration of New Students > Qualifying English Test > QET FAQs Qualifying English Test (QET) Q01. What is a Qualifying English Test (QET)? Q02. What is the purpose of the QET? Q03. How do I know if I can be exempted from the QET? Q04. I have recently received my TOEFL score and it meets the minimum requirement which allows me to be exempted from the QET. How do I proceed from here? Q05. How many times can I sit for the QET? Q06. What happens if I cannot attend any of the scheduled QET dates for the Academic Year? Q07. What happens if I do not sit for the QET throughout my study in NUS? Q08. Where can I get a sample of the QET paper and its format? Q09. Do I have to register for the QET? Q10. When will the QET results be released? Q11. I am a transfer student from NTU/SMU. I have taken and passed my QET in NTU/SMU. Will I be exempted from the QET in NUS? Q12. I am a transfer student within NUS as I have just been given approval to switch course. Am I supposed to sit for the QET again if I have sat for it previously? Q13. I am interested to major in English Language/English Literature and the QET is a pre-requisite for one of the core modules I am required to take. However, I have yet to sit for it. Can I be exempted from QET? Q14. I have other questions which are not answered here, who shall I contact?     Q01. What is a Qualifying English Test (QET)?       The QET is an English Language examination set by the Centre for English Language Communication (CELC). Students admitted to Bachelor degree programmes but do not possess the necessary English Language qualifications must sit for the QET. Back to top     Q02. What is the purpose of the QET?       The purpose of the QET is to discern the level of English Language support appropriate to the students, for example, whether the student will benefit from a Basic English course or an English for Academic Purposes course, which will help them meet the language needs of their other courses. Please refer to the CELC website for the details. Back to top     Q03. How do I know if I can be exempted from the QET?       Students who possess certain English Language qualifications will be exempted from sitting for the QET. You may check for these qualifications at the Registrar’s Office QET website. Back to top     Q04. I have recently received my TOEFL score and it meets the minimum requirement which allows me to be exempted from the QET. How do I proceed from here?       You are required to bring the original certificate/qualification to the Registrar’s Office. After verification, we will send you a confirmation email to notify you of the status. For administrative reasons, we shall appreciate it if you could make an appointment by sending an email to QET@nus.edu.sg before you come. Back to top     Q05. How many times can I sit for the QET?       All students can only sit for the QET once. Back to top     Q06. What happens if I cannot attend any of the scheduled QET for the Academic Year?       Students admitted to Bachelor degree programmes but do not possess the necessary English Language qualifications must sit for the QET. If you are unable to take the first QET scheduled for the academic year, then you have to take the second QET. You may check the QET date at the Registrar’s Office QET website. Back to top     Q07. What happens if I do not sit for the QET throughout my study in NUS?       The QET is one of the university requirements which must be taken by students who do not possess the necessary English Language qualifications. Students who do not sit for the QET throughout their candidature will not be eligible to graduate. Back to top     Q08. Where can I get a sample of the QET paper and its format?       You can get a copy of the sample QET paper and its format at the CELC website Back to top     Q09. Do I have to register for the QET?       Yes. Students must register online for the QET. Each registered student will be assigned a seat number in the exam hall. More details on this can be found at the Registrar’s Office QET website. Back to top     Q10. When will the QET results be released?       Date of release of the QET results will be made known to students on the day of the QET and also via the Registrar’s Office QET website. Students can check their results online via myISIS. Back to top     Q11. I am a transfer student from NTU/SMU. I have taken and passed my QET in NTU/SMU. Will I be exempted from the QET in NUS?       Students who have taken and passed the QET at NTU or SMU within two years of a change in course or have attained an exemption grade in an English Proficiency module in NTU or SMU will be exempted from the QET in NUS. You are required to obtain a certification letter from your previous University as proof that you have satisfied the English requirements. Back to top     Q12. I am a transfer student within NUS as I have just been given approval to switch course. Am I supposed to sit for the QET again if I have sat for it previously?       If you have sat for the QET not more than 2 years ago and – have obtained a Band 3, you are not required to sit for the QET or register for the English module(s). have obtained a Band 1 or 2, you do not have to sit for the QET but you have to register for and read the required English module(s) determined by your QET results , if you have not already done so. have already read and passed the required English module(s), you are not required to sit for the QET, nor register for the English module(s) again. Back to top     Q13. I am interested to major in English Language/English Literature and the QET is a pre-requisite for one of the core modules I am required to take. Can I be exempted from QET?   No. Students must sit and pass the QET before they can register for the module(s).     Back to top     Q14. I have other questions which are not answered here, who shall I contact?   For further queries, please email your queries to QET@nus.edu.sg     Back to top Quick Links Registration of new students Registration for QET QET FAQ Contact Us        © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office