www.alexa.com/pro/advanced
5e2c Alexa Pro Advanced Plan - The Ultimate Website Measurement And Analysis Toolkit Alexa Pro Advanced Plan - The Ultimate Website Measurement And Analysis Toolkit Log In or Create an Account Help Products Top Sites Site Info Toolbar Dashboard Products>Advanced Plan Alexa Pro: The Advanced Plan. Keep your site running optimally with audits every other week. Deeper Analysis For Better SEOWe examine up to 10,000 pages of your site and give you simple,actionable SEO recommendations to increase your search traffic. Get Feedback FasterWith 2 Site Audits each month, you can quickly assess the impact of changesyou make to your website. Go Beyond SEOGet insights and advice to improve your website's usability, performance, security,analytics tag coverage, and backlinks. Enter your website to get startedSubscribe Now $149 per month Cancel anytime 2 Site Audits per month Analyze up to 10,000 pages with each report Certified Site Metrics Site Comparisons Save 25% on additional Site Audits What's Included in The Advanced Plan Twice Monthly Site Audit Certified Site Metrics Uptime Monitor  Enhanced Site Listing Site Comparisons The Do-It-Yourself SEO Tool for Website Owners. Increase your free search traffic and improve your user experience, site performance,security, and more with the Site Audit. Each Site Audit examines up to 10,000 pages ofyour site and delivers actionable recommendations to help you optimize your siteand SEO. How does it work? Site ScanTwice per month, we scan up to 10,000 pages of your website. AnalysisWe analyze your site, including your page content, links, HTML, site performance, and more. RecommendationsWe deliver actionable recommendations, tailored specifically for your website. What's Inside The Site Audit gives you detailed analysis on many topics. SEO Audit Duplicate Title Tags Missing Title Tags Long Title Tags Redirects Reachability Multiple Title Tags Dead End Pages Anchor Text Broken Links Long URLs Page Not Found Duplicate Content Too Many Links Duplicate Meta Descriptions Server Errors Sessions IDs Robots.txt Search Engine Marketing (SEM) SEO Audit Hostname On-Site Links Low Word Count Image Descriptions Performance Audit Speed Analysis Security Audit Insecure Forms Meta Information HTML Tag Audit Web Analytics Social Sharing Reputation Audit Links from Top Sites And More... Learn More BACK TO TOP  Certified Site Metrics Getting accurate metrics has never been easier We give you a small piece of code to install on your website, enabling Alexa to count alltraffic to your site. Then, we use a rigorous certification process to ensure the highestdegree of accuracy in your metrics. The result is Certified Site Metrics.Did you know...73% of all webmasters fail to count all of their website traffic Why Alexa Certified Site Metrics? Accurate metrics presented in a private dashboard. Unlike some solutions, we examine all of your traffic. Automatic filtering of robots and other metrics spam. Automatic site scans that help you achieve 100% code coverage. Key performance metrics such as unique visitors and pageviews. Ability to publish your certified metrics on your public site listing. A swanky badge to let everyone know your metrics are Certified. For sites with up to 150 million pageviews per month. How Does It Work? Install CodeYou place a piece of Alexa code on each page of your site. Site ScanWe scan your site to make sure the code is on every page. Get CertifiedIf everything looks good, then we Certify your metrics. View Your MetricsWe measure your traffic and give you a dashboard full of metrics. Your Private Metrics Dashboard (beta) Metrics you can understand and use. Traffic Overview Referrals Breakdown Site Engagement Uptime Monitor  Traffic Overview Access to key performance metrics with simple, easy-to-understand charts and graphs. Key Performance Indicators View core daily metrics such as Visitors, Visits and Pageviews. Hourly Metrics Hourly metrics help you stay on top of traffic patterns on your site. Easy to Compare Easy day-over-day and week-over-week comparisons to help you spot issues or any unusual activity. Track Your Progress Compare current versus past performance to track your progress.   Referrals Breakdown How are visitors finding your website? Search Referrals Referrals your site is getting from major search engines. Link Referrals Referrals your site is getting from links on other websites. Social Referrals Referrals your site is getting from social media sites. Direct Referrals Referrals your site is getting from people directly navigating to the site.   Site Engagement How engaged are your visitors with the content on your website? Bounce Rate Bounce Rate is the percent of visits that consist of a single pageview. Pageviews / Visit Pageviews per Visit is the average number of pageviews per visit to the site. Minutes / Visit The average length of a visit to the site during the selected time period.   Uptime Monitor Know when your site was down The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is integrated with yoursite's traffic metrics so you know immediately if asudden drop in traffic is due to problems with your server. Make sure your site stays up Know what percent of the time your site is down soyou can make sure you are getting the hosting you pay for.   BACK TO TOP Twice Monthly Site Audit Uptime Monitor Do you know if your site is down? When your site is down, you disappoint your visitorsand lose traffic. Most website owners don't know when their site isdown. With the Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor, track how often your site is upand gain the confidence that your visitors are not disappointed. The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is now included with yourCertified Site Metrics.Subscribe now and start monitoring your uptime in no time. Why Traffic and Uptime Metrics are Better Together Analyze them in one single location The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitor is integrated with yoursite's traffic metrics so you know immediately if a sudden drop intraffic is due to problems with your server. Make sure your site stays up To ensure that your site stays up, yourhosting company needs to be reliable. The Alexa Pro Uptime Monitorcan tell you how often your server is down. With the Uptime Monitoryou'll have the information you need to get things fixed. Easy access right from your Dashboard Along with visitors and pageviews, the uptime foryour site is one of the key performance indicators for thesuccess of your site. You can see all three numbers, updateddaily, right on your Alexa Pro Dashboard. View all features of Alexa PRO Dashboard BACK TO TOP Certified Site MetricsEnhanced Site Listing Promote your website. Get more business. Attract more advertisers, business partners, and customers by promoting your website with an "Enhanced Site Listing" in Alexa's website directory. Millions of people visit Alexa each month to find and evaluate businesses. Make sure your site listing is accurate and optimized for the best possible presentation. The diagram below shows the many ways an "Enhanced Site Listing" will help you promote your site's performance. BACK TO TOP Uptime MonitorSite Comparisons Comparing Sites Made Simple. With Alexa Site Comparisons, you can easily compare traffic, engagement, reputation,and demographics for a list of sites. See how your site is doing against the competition, or compare the major sites in your category to see what is working and who is winning. How Does It Work? Create a ListYou create a list of sites you are interested in. View ComparisonsWe display data for the sites you are comparing. Find WinnersEasily see which site is winning in which areas. Traffic Metrics Compare the popularity of websites with global rankings,rankings by country, global reach and pageviews. Engagement Metrics Compare user engagement across websites by looking atdaily pageviews per user, daily time on site, and bounce rate. Reputation Metrics Compare the reputation of sites by looking at the numberof sites linking in to each site. Compare the social reputation ofeach site by looking at Facebook likes and shares, and Google +1 activity. Demographics Compare the demographics of visitors to websites bylooking at the popularity of each site among various agegroups, education levels, income levels and by gender,ethnicity, and browsing location.   BACK TO TOP Enhanced Site Listing Website URL Go Company About Careers Help Help System Contact Us Alexa Tools for Site Owners Get a Site Audit for your site Create a Custom Toolbar Edit your site listing Download the Alexa Toolbar! Privacy Policy|Terms of Use©Alexa Internet, Inc. © Alexa Internet, Inc.