www.nus.edu.sg/dpr/energy/
myEmail IVLE Library Map Calendar NUS Website Internet Staff Directory Home About Us About Us Our Team Experts Conversations With Experts Directory Associate Members Research Research Highlights Funding Opportunities Education Academic Programs Graduate Scholarships News & Events News Highlights News Archives Upcoming Events Past Events Publications Publication Highlights Publication Listings Useful Links Contact Us Contact Us Join Our Mailing List Br3 News Hunger for energy and pull for N-power This is an article contribution by Mr Nur Azha Putra, a research associate from the Energy Security Division at the Energy Studies Institute at NUS on the announcement by Vietnam to delay the construction of its first nuclear plant due to safety concerns... Conference unravels the legal complexities of transboundary pollution The Centre of International Law (CIL) at NUS organised a two-day conference to discuss states' rights and responsibilities under international law and explore the mechanisms of cooperation and problem-solving... Graduate Scholarships Energy-Industry Scholarship (EIS) launched to nurture talent for Power Sector The Energy Market Authority has launched the "Energy-Industry Scholarship (EIS)" which is co-funded by the Government and Power sector companies and it aims to develop and nurture talent for the local Power sector. Those pursuing relevant engineering courses at the local Institute of Technical Education (ITE), polytechnics and universities can apply. Successful applicants can look forward to internships and work attachments during their studies. Upon completing their studies, scholars will join thier sponsoring organisations. For more information, please visit EMA's website. Closing date for EIS applications is 14 March 2014. Events Jul 3 International Symposium on Coastal Cities, Marine Resources and Climate Change in the Coral Triangle Under APRU's strategic priority, 'Partnering on Solutions to Asia-Pacific Challenges', this symposium engages researchers from around the Pacific Rim on sustainable solutions to the challenges of urban development, the over-exploitationof marine resources and the threats of climate change in and around the Coral Triangle (the biodiversity rich waters of Indonesia, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Soloman Islands and Timor-Leste). Jun 5 ACCESS 2013 - Asian Congress on Citizen & Environment Safety & Security The Congress is part of the activites organised by the Integrative Sustainability Solutions research cluster of the National University of Singapore. It is a platform for researchers, industry practitioners and governmental personnel to meet; provide practical solutions; and forecast trends in safety and security for the advancement of humanity in our modern world.. Prof Michael Quah, Director of the NUS Energy Office, will be presenting the plenary lecture on Day 1, 5 June 2013. Connect with us           © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Non- discrimination Home Careers Site Map Contact Last modified on April 8, 2014 by NUS Energy Office