www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/faqs/specialterm_faq.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Special Term > Special Term FAQ Frequently Asked Questions - Special Term   General   Q01. Do all returning NSmen have to register early and attend classes during the Special Term? Q02. What modules will be offered during the Special Term? Q03. Will all students who attend Special Term classes be able to graduate one semester earlier? Q04. When is the Special Term? Q05. What should a student do if he decides not to register for any Special Term module after he has completed the pre-registration?     Eligibility     Q06. Is the Special Term open to students currently studying in the university? Q07. Can a student who has fulfilled his graduation requirements read a Special Term module to increase CAP or for interest? Q08. Will full-time national servicemen who are expected to complete NS after the start of the Special Term be allowed to disrupt NS to register early? Q09. Will returning NSmen who wish to re-apply to NUS for another course be able to register early to attend Special Term classes?     Registration of Modules     Q10. Is there a limit to the number of Special Term modules that a student can register? Q11. Can a student choose to register for modules for only one part instead of both parts of the Special Term (i.e. either Part I or Part II)? Q12. What are the modules that the students can register for at the point of registration? Q13. How does a student register for the modules? Q14. I am currently a NS man and have been called up for In-Camp Training (ICT) during the Special Term period. Am I allowed to apply for deferment for the ICT?     Fees     Q15. Will students who attend the Special Term classes have to pay fees? Q16. If the student is able to complete his/her course a semester earlier, will he/she have to pay fees for the semester of study that he no longer needs?   General     Q01. Do all returning NSmen have to register early and attend classes during the Special Term?       No.  Special Term classes are purely optional.  The arrangements are put in place to reduce the waiting time for returning NSmen to begin their classes earlier.  Returning NSmen may also choose to register in July/August at the beginning of the regular semester.           Q02. What modules will be offered during the Special Term?       NUS will announce the modules on offer during the Special Term well in advance each year and will be in touch with returning NSmen to provide this information.  A range of electives will be offered, many of which will allow students to fulfil their General Education and Singapore Studies requirements.Students, however, are to check the pre-requisites for the modules they will like to take before registering for the modules. They can refer to the online NUS Bulletin for information on the modules.           Q03. Will all students who attend Special Term classes be able to graduate one semester earlier?       A student will be able to graduate one semester earlier should he take as many modules during the Special Term as he would in a regular semester (or offset any shortfall by taking more modules in other semesters). Students must however be cognisant that overstretching themselves over a short period of time during the Special Term, right after National Service, may not suit everyone.  They should seek academic advice from their respective faculties before they decide to take on as many modules as they would in a regular semester for the Special Term.   Students who are enrolled in degree courses that are not on a modular curriculum structure (i.e. NUS Medicine, Dentistry and Law) will not be able to graduate earlier.            Q04. When is the Special Term?       There are two parts of the Special Term each of which lasts six weeks. Part I is to be held in May/June and Part II in June/July. The exact dates are available here.           Q05. What should a student do if he decides not to register for any Special Term module after he has completed the pre-registration?       If a student does not register for any Special Term module after completing the pre-registration process, his candidature will automatically  be treated as commencing in Semester 1 of the academic year (i.e. in August).           Eligibility     Q06. Is the Special Term open to students currently studying in the university?       Yes.  The Special Term is open to students currently studying in the university. Non-graduating students can also register for the Special Term.     Q07. Can a student who has fulfilled his graduation requirements read a Special Term module to increase CAP or for interest?       Yes, he can. However, he must read a module of level 3000 or higher.           Q08. Will full-time national servicemen who are expected to complete NS after the start of the Special Term be allowed to disrupt NS to register early?       No, the early registration for Special Term is intended for those who are enlisted in the December and March National Service intakes and who would otherwise have to wait for a long time to enter university.  Those who are enlisted in other intakes would register at the start of the regular semester in July/August.           Q09. Will returning NSmen who wish to re-apply to NUS for another course be able to register early to attend Special Term classes?   Yes. Returning NSmen can register early to attend Special Term classes if they wish to re-apply to NUS for another course. However, they should register for modules that meet the University Level Requirements and not the core modules, so that these modules they register for can satisfy their new course requirements, if their application for the new course is successful.           Registration of Modules     Q10. Is there a limit to the number of Special Term modules that a student can register?   Generally, students are well advised to take not more than two modules per part of the Special Term.            Q11. Can a student choose to register for modules for only one part instead of both parts of the Special Term (i.e. either Part I or Part II)?   Yes, but students should make this decision with the understanding that they may not be able to graduate a semester earlier if they have not completed the requisite academic requirements.           Q12. What are the modules that the students can register for at the point of registration?   The list of modules that students can register for is available on the website.           Q13. How does a student register for the modules?   Students can register for the modules that they wish to read through the Special Term Registration System. They are required to register for both the lecture and tutorial classes of the modules.           Q14. I am currently a NS man and have been called up for In-Camp Training (ICT) during the Special Term period. Am I allowed to apply for deferment for the ICT?   All male Singaporean students with NS liabilities and have been called up for In-Camp Training (ICT) in a period coinciding/overlapping with the Special Term will not be granted deferment. They will have to fulfill their NS liabilities. Male students who are SAF regulars should seek approval from their individual units on their deferment.           Fees     Q15. Will students who attend the Special Term classes have to pay fees?   Yes.  Students who attend the Special Term classes have to pay fees which are charged on a per-module basis.            Q16. If the student is able to complete his/her course a semester earlier, will he/she have to pay fees for the semester of study that he no longer needs?   No.  He/she will have to pay fees only for his/her period of study.               Quick Links Academic Calendar Class Timetable Modules Registration Schedule Special Term Registration System Timetable Builder User Guide for STRS Module List FAQ                © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office