www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/registration-fees.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Registration > Fee Related Matters   Fee Related Matters Fees MOE Tuition Grant (for undergraduate students) President’s Graduate Fellowship, Lee Kong Chian Graduate Scholarship and Research Scholarship (for graduate research students only)   Fees For information on the tuition fees, payment methods and late payment penalties, please check the respective websites: Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Non-graduating Students   Students with outstanding fees at the end of a semester will be barred from registering for modules in subsequent semesters until the arrears have been settled. Students who have not settled their arrears upon completion of all requirements for graduation will not be conferred the degree. Graduate research students may only be required to pay tuition fees on a pro-rated basis if they submit their theses for examination within the first half of the semester. Please refer to the cut-off dates for fee payment here.Undergraduate and non-graduating students who leave the University, either through withdrawal on their own accord or termination of candidature by the University after the fee payment deadline for the semester, will be liable to pay fees for the entire semester. Requests for refund will generally not be considered.     Back to Top   MOE Tuition Grant (for undergraduate students) For more information on the Tuition Grant, please click here. To apply for the Tuition Grant, Singapore citizens will have to download the form from the Pre-registration System and submit it at the Registration Centre, duly signed and completed. Singapore Permanent Residents and International Students will have to apply at the Ministry of Education website. Students must inform the Office of Admissions at: financialaid@nus.edu.sg by Instructional Week 2 of the semester if they do not wish to accept the Tuition Grant.     Back to Top     President’s Graduate Fellowship, Lee Kong Chian Graduate Scholarship and Research Scholarship (for graduate research students only) For students graduate research students who are awarded Research Scholarship, Research Studentship, Lee Kong Chian Graduate Scholarship, President’s Graduate Fellowship, or SMA Graduate Fellowship at SMART, please note the following: The award will begin from the commencement date of the semester or the date of enrolment, whichever is later. The stipend for the first month will be pro-rated as follows: 1st month stipend = Number of scholarship days/Total number of working days* in that month x Stipend amount. (*Working days exclude Saturdays and Sundays but include public/university holidays.) The pro-rated stipend for the first month is usually paid on the 18th of that month if the student registers within the stipulated enrolment period. Subsequent monthly stipends will be paid on the 18th of each month. To avoid any delay in the disbursement of stipend, please update your credit bank account details via MyISIS as soon as possible. If you do not provide your bank account details, you will not receive your stipend. Please note that the mandatory miscellaneous fees payable for the semester will be deducted from the first month’s stipend.   Back to Top     Quick Links Registration Main Page Registration Guides Submission of Photograph for Student Card (for Undergraduate Students only) Pre-Registration System Acceptance Record Student's Pass Social Visit Pass Application for Late Registration Form (for Undergraduate Students only) Office of Student Affairs Student Service Centre University Health Centre ---FAQs--- Undergraduate Graduate Non-Graduating ---Contact Us--- Undergraduate Graduate Non-Graduating       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office