www.comp.nus.edu.sg/undergraduates/dd_computing_business.html
1061876 NUS - School of Computing myEmail IVLE Library Map Careers Calendar SoC NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search HOME About SoC Deanery Advisory Committee Departments Computer Science Information Systems Undergraduate Graduate Research Entrepreneurship Executive Education External Relations 136 Home > Undergraduates > DDP - CS/IS with Business Administration /Accountancy - Overall Structure 5012 Undergraduates Info for Current Students Academic Calendar SoC Undergrad Calendar of Events NUS Course Catalogue SoC Course Catalogue Course Schedule Module Preference Exercise (MPE) Online Module Registration (CORS) Online Tutorial Registration Other Undergraduate Registration Systems Academic Advisors Mentorship Scheme myISIS General Curriculum CS Module 2-Year Mounting Plan Media Module 2-Year Mounting Plan UG Wiki Preventing Plagiarism Computer Science Courses Computer Science Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Turing Programme Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 von Neumann Programme Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Communications & Media Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Computational Biology Application Form-AY2014-15 intake Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Computer Engineering Prospective Students and Others Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Information Systems Courses Information Systems Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Electronic Commerce Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Business Analytics Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Concurrent Degree Programmes with Brown University in Computer Science with Brown University in Computational Biology with Cambridge University in Information Systems with Carnegie Mellon University in Electronic Commerce with Carnegie Mellon University in Interactive Digital Media (CM) with Carnegie Mellon University in Interactive Digital Media (CS) with School of Business, NUS, in Master of Science (Management) - Direct Admissions with School of Business, NUS, in Master of Science (Management) with Georgia Institute of Technology in Master of Science in Logistics and Supply Chain Management Double Degree Programmes CS/IS with Business Administration /Accountancy Overall Structure Cohorts before 2009 Computer Science & Mathematics/ Applied Mathematics Overall Structure Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 With another NUS Faculty Overall Structure With French Grandes Ecoles Overall Structure Double Major Minor Programmes Overall Structure Computer Science Information Systems Exemptions and Placements Tests Exemptions for Polytechnic graduates Special Admissions and Exemptions for Olympiad Medallists MA1301 Introductory Mathematics Proficiency Test Computing Placement Tests for Diploma holders Computing Placement Tests for A-level holders Poly Prep Programme Project Modules BComp Dissertation (FYP) Undergraduate Research Opportunities Programme (UROP) Notable projects from CS3215 AY09/10 - Semester I Notable projects from CS4340 AY10/11 - Semester II Scholarships & Support NUS Scholarships & Aid SoC Scholarship: Lim Hong Chin Memorial Scholarship SoC Scholarship: Kwan Im Thong Hood Cho Temple Computing Scholarship National Infocomm Scholarships A*STAR Pre-Graduate Award (PGA) Computing Alumni Assistance Award NEW Scholarship SNCF Co-op Scholarship Computing Student Development Fund Beyond Classroom IDA ELITe Scheme Advanced Technology Attachment Programme Student Internship Programme Student Exchange Programme Summer and Winter Programmes Student Leadership Programme Undergraduate Discussion Leaders Industry Related Enhancement Programmes University Scholars Programme Honours Roll Commencement Awards Faculty Awards Dean's List Awards Other Awards Enquiries 3f69 Double Degree in Computer Science/Information Systems & Business Administration/Business Administration (Accountancy) Jointly offered with: NUS Business School 1. Introduction The Double Degree Programmes in Computer Science /Information Systems and Business Administration/Business Administration (Accountancy) are jointly offered by NUS School of Computing and NUS Business School. It aims to leverage the advantage of NUS being a comprehensive university, allowing students to fully develop their potential through multidisciplinary programmes. Business Administration and Computer Science/Information Systems are complementary areas of knowledge which are becoming inextricably interwoven. Our various communications with the IT industry have revealed a strong demand among employers for graduates with good computer science or information systems knowledge and in-depth understanding of business domains. The Double Degree programme in Computer Science and Business Administration (including Accountancy) meets such a demand through its design that emphasises on developing both the core computing skills and business skills of students. It enables students to apply computational considerations to all aspects of business practice, thereby complementing their business skills and introducing a new analytic dimension to the understanding of organisational behaviour, finance & accounting, marketing, economics, and business law, among others. The Double Degree programme in Information Systems and Business Administration (including Accountancy) meets a similar demand. It enables students to practise the management and implementation of information systems, enhanced with complementing business skills and knowledge in areas such as organisational behaviour, finance & accounting, marketing, operations management, economics, and business law, among others. Both combinations of business and computing/information systems programmes will develop business-savvy IT professionals as well as technology-minded business leaders for the economy. The programmes are designed so that students may complete it in a reasonable timeframe: four-and-a-half years for BBA/BComp(Hons)(CS/IS) and five years for Double Honours. 2. Admission Requirements Students will be admitted to the DDP only if they meet the requirements of both the NUS School of Computing (SOC) and NUS Business School (BIZ). Students may be admitted to the DDP in one of the following ways: (i) Direct admissions through the University's admissions exercise: Applicants must satisfy one of the following two criteria: A-level applicants: Pass in either A-level or H2 Mathematics Polytechnic applicants: Accredited diploma or Grade ‘A2' in O-level Elementary Mathematics or Grade ‘B4' in O-level Additional Mathematics (ii) Admissions at the completion of first year of BComp (Hons.) in CS or IS or BBA/BBA (Hons.) or BBA(Acc.)/BBA(Acc.Hons) based on CAP criteria set out. 3. Programme Structure and Curriculum Requirements For Programme Structure and Curriculum Requirements, please click here 4. Interdisciplinary Honours Projects for these Programmes Students can also achieve Double Honours by completing a 12 MC Honours Project, which will count towards the requirements and CAP computation of both degrees (subject to the maximum double-counting policy stated in Section 3). The project will provide the best students with the opportunity of exploring the intersection of two disciplines, be it the application of computing technology in the business domain, or the development of computational models for business ideas and concepts. The project will be jointly supervised by faculty members from NUS School of Computing and NUS Business School. Project proposals will be put up for students' selection during their 6th semester in the programme. The module code for such projects will be the corresponding honours project module code of the primary School of the students (either BHT4001 or CS4101). 5. Modules and Scheduling Business Administration modules Computing modules 6. Grading and Degree Classification BComp (Hons)(Computer Science) – BBA (i) Double Honours Programme The degree classification for the Computer Science (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 130 MCs: 82 MCs from Computer Science Programme Requirement, 36 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Business Administration (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 116 MCs: 68 MCs from Business Administration Programme Requirement, 36 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. 4 MCs unrestricted electives could be counted towards CAP of either degree. (ii) Single Honours Programme The degree classification for the Computer Science (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 130 MCs: 90 MCs from Computer Science Programme Requirement, 28 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Business Administration (non-Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 96 MCs: 56 MCs from Business Administration Programme Requirement, 28 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The list of common modules is given in Annex C1. Annex D1 gives the maximum MCs of common modules that may be counted towards both Degrees and the minimum total MC requirements. BComp (Hons)(Computer Science) – B.B.A(Accountancy) (i) Double Honours Programme The degree classification for the Computer Science (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 130 MCs: 90 MCs Computer Science Modules, 28 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Accountancy (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 136 MCs: 76 Programme Requirement Modules, 28 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs), 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module, and 20 MCs Unrestricted Elective Requirement. (ii) Single Honours Programme The degree classification for the Computer Science (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 130 MCs: 110 MCs Computer Science Modules, 8 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Accountancy (non-Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 116 MCs: 76 Programme Requirement Modules, 8 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs), 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module, and 20 MCs Unrestricted Elective Requirement. The list of common modules is given in Annex C3. Annex D3 gives the maximum MCs of common modules that may be counted towards both Degrees and the minimum total MC requirements. BComp (Hons)(Information Systems) – B.B.A. (i) Double Honours Programme The degree classification for the Information Systems (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 125 MCs: 77 MCs Programme Requirement, 36 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Business Administration (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 116 MCs: 68 MC Programme Requirement Modules, 36 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs), 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. 7 MCs Unrestricted Electives could be counted towards CAP of either degree. (ii) Single Honours Programme The degree classification for the Information Systems (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 125 MCs: 85 MCs Programme Requirement, 28 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Business Administration (non-Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 96 MCs: 56 MC Programme Requirement Modules, 28 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs), 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The list of common modules is given in Annex C2. Annex D2 gives the maximum MCs of common modules that may be counted towards both Degrees and the minimum total MC requirements. BComp (Hons)(Information Systems) – B.B.A.(Accountancy) (i) Double Honours Programme The degree classification for the Information Systems (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 125 MCs: 81 MCs Programme Requirement, 32 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Business Administration (Accountancy) (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 136 MCs: 72 MCs Programme Requirement, 32 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module and 20 MCs Unrestricted Elective Requirement. (ii) Single Honours Programme The degree classification for the Information Systems (Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 125 MCs: 97 MCs Programme Requirement, 16 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs) and 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module. The degree classification for the Business Administration (Accountancy) (non-Honours) degree will be based on CAP calculated from 116 MCs: 68 MCs Programme Requirement Modules, 16 MCs Common Modules, 8 MCs General Education Modules (GEMs), 4 MCs Singapore Studies Module and 20 MCs Unrestricted Elective Requirement. The list of common modules is given in Annex C4. Annex D4 gives the maximum MCs of common modules that may be counted towards both Degrees and the minimum total MC requirements. 7. Fee The fees payable by students in the Double Degree programme will follow with University guidelines on tuition fees. Double degree students admitted into NUS in Academic Year 2006/07 and before will pay prevailing tuition fees up to the fifth year. Double Degree students admitted into NUS in Academic Year 2007/08 or later may have to pay full, unsubsidised tuition fee in their fifth year if tuition grant is not available. 8. Progress Criteria and Exit For students admitted to NUS before AY2011/12: Students in the Double Degree Programme must maintain a CAP of 4.00 or above. Students who do not maintain a CAP of 4.00 in modules contributing to the original degree for two consecutive semesters will be required to withdraw from the DDP by withdrawing from the second degree programme. Upon withdrawal, all the modules which the students have taken to fulfil the requirements of the second degree will be reflected in the transcript and included in the computation of the CAP for the single degree. For students admitted to NUS with effect from AY2011/12 onwards: A student who does not maintain a CAP of 4.0 in modules contributing to the original degree, and a CAP of 3.5 for the second degree for any two consecutive semesters will be required to withdraw from the DDP by withdrawing from the second degree programme. Modular Credits completed in the double degree programme will be counted towards the fulfilment of the degree requirements of the single degree, and included in the computation of the CAP for the single degree. 9. Contact Us For FAQ on Double Degrees, please refer to the Registrar's Office website at http://www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/faqs/ddp_cdp_dm.html For specific queries on the programmes, please refer to the following: NUS School of Computing If your home faculty is NUS School of Computing, please direct all queries to bcomp@comp.nus.edu.sg with the subject clearly marked: "Double Degree in Computer Science/Information Systems and Business Administration/Business Administration(Accountancy) Programme". NUS Business School If your home faculty is NUS Business School, please contact Mr Kwok Wai Tat at bizkwok@nus.edu.sg For more information, please refer to the Supplementary page at NUS Business School : http://bba.nus.edu/doubledegree-info.htm   7fd   © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Non- discrimination Computing Facilities Location & Venues Contact