www.nus.edu.sg/admissions/graduate-studies/fees-faid-scholarships.php
1039ï»¿ NUS - National University of Singapore : Graduate Studies -  Fees, Scholarships & Financial Aid National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search Home Graduate Programmes Research Programmes Coursework Programmes Graduate Admissions Scholarships, Financial Aid and Fees Scholarships/Awards Financial Aid Schemes Fees Contact Us Graduate Studies Scholarships, Financial Aid and FeesScholarships/Awards Financial Aid Schemes Fees     Quick Links   Frequently Asked Questions   Home > Scholarships, Financial Aid and Fees Scholarships, Financial Aid and FeesFinancial assistance for graduate students is available in the form of scholarships and various financial aid schemes. There are many different types of graduate scholarships available in the university for graduate students. These awards are highly competitive and are given based on a track record of academic excellence. Most scholarships can be renewed annually subject to satisfactory academic progress. Applications for such scholarships are generally made concurrently with the application for admission to a graduate programme. The list of scholarships available for graduate students can be found here. Other forms of financial aid which are available include study loans and part-time appointments as Graduate Student Tutor or Student Researcher. The part-time appointments are for selected students who wish to gain research and teaching experience. The full details of the financial aid schemes and part-time appointment scheme are set out here. In considering part-time work arrangements, it should be noted that a high level of commitment is expected of all graduate students enrolled in full-time programmes, and the taking on of external part-time work to supplement personal income is not generally encouraged. Fees which are due to the University will be deducted prior to crediting any financial aid (e.g. scholarship stipend/loan/remuneration) to the students' account. The full schedule of tuition and other fees can be found here. Â© Copyright 2001-2014 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination 2f8 Home | Search | Contact Us |Campus Map Last modified on 25 May, 2010 by Graduate Studies