www.comp.nus.edu.sg/undergraduates/cdp_ec_CMU.html
1061876 NUS - School of Computing myEmail IVLE Library Map Careers Calendar SoC NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search HOME About SoC Deanery Advisory Committee Departments Computer Science Information Systems Undergraduate Graduate Research Entrepreneurship Executive Education External Relations 126 Home > Undergraduates > CDP - Carnegie Mellon University in Electronic Commerce 5012 Undergraduates Info for Current Students Academic Calendar SoC Undergrad Calendar of Events NUS Course Catalogue SoC Course Catalogue Course Schedule Module Preference Exercise (MPE) Online Module Registration (CORS) Online Tutorial Registration Other Undergraduate Registration Systems Academic Advisors Mentorship Scheme myISIS General Curriculum CS Module 2-Year Mounting Plan Media Module 2-Year Mounting Plan UG Wiki Preventing Plagiarism Computer Science Courses Computer Science Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Turing Programme Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 von Neumann Programme Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Communications & Media Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Computational Biology Application Form-AY2014-15 intake Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Computer Engineering Prospective Students and Others Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Information Systems Courses Information Systems Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Electronic Commerce Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 Cohort 2008/09 Cohorts Before 2008 Business Analytics Prospective Students Cohort 2013/14 Concurrent Degree Programmes with Brown University in Computer Science with Brown University in Computational Biology with Cambridge University in Information Systems with Carnegie Mellon University in Electronic Commerce with Carnegie Mellon University in Interactive Digital Media (CM) with Carnegie Mellon University in Interactive Digital Media (CS) with School of Business, NUS, in Master of Science (Management) - Direct Admissions with School of Business, NUS, in Master of Science (Management) with Georgia Institute of Technology in Master of Science in Logistics and Supply Chain Management Double Degree Programmes CS/IS with Business Administration /Accountancy Overall Structure Cohorts before 2009 Computer Science & Mathematics/ Applied Mathematics Overall Structure Cohort 2013/14 Cohort 2012/13 Cohort 2011/12 Cohort 2010/11 Cohort 2009/10 With another NUS Faculty Overall Structure With French Grandes Ecoles Overall Structure Double Major Minor Programmes Overall Structure Computer Science Information Systems Exemptions and Placements Tests Exemptions for Polytechnic graduates Special Admissions and Exemptions for Olympiad Medallists MA1301 Introductory Mathematics Proficiency Test Computing Placement Tests for Diploma holders Computing Placement Tests for A-level holders Poly Prep Programme Project Modules BComp Dissertation (FYP) Undergraduate Research Opportunities Programme (UROP) Notable projects from CS3215 AY09/10 - Semester I Notable projects from CS4340 AY10/11 - Semester II Scholarships & Support NUS Scholarships & Aid SoC Scholarship: Lim Hong Chin Memorial Scholarship SoC Scholarship: Kwan Im Thong Hood Cho Temple Computing Scholarship National Infocomm Scholarships A*STAR Pre-Graduate Award (PGA) Computing Alumni Assistance Award NEW Scholarship SNCF Co-op Scholarship Computing Student Development Fund Beyond Classroom IDA ELITe Scheme Advanced Technology Attachment Programme Student Internship Programme Student Exchange Programme Summer and Winter Programmes Student Leadership Programme Undergraduate Discussion Leaders Industry Related Enhancement Programmes University Scholars Programme Honours Roll Commencement Awards Faculty Awards Dean's List Awards Other Awards Enquiries 2b2b Concurrent Programme in Bachelor of Computing (Honours) (Electronic Commerce) with MS in Engineering and Technology Innovation Management from Carnegie Mellon University   1. Introduction This fast–track 4.5-year programme allows students to graduate with a Master degree in Engineering and Technology Innovation Management (thereafter called MS (E&TIM)) from Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) and a Bachelor degree in Electronic Commerce (hereafter called B.Comp(EC)) from NUS. Students get a global education with 3.5 years at NUS and 1 year at Carnegie Mellon University. To apply for this programme, students must apply for Computing (Electronic Commerce), offered by School of Computing, NUS. They can apply for direct admission to this programme. They will be chosen on the basis of their A-level grades (or equivalent), their interest profile in electronic commerce studies, and a personal interview designed to judge their potential and suitability for the programme. Students will complete 144 modular credits (equivalent to 36 modules) of the B.Comp(EC) programme before they proceed to complete MS(E&TIM) at CMU. Sixteen modular credits (equivalent to 4 modules) will be counted against the modules in MS(E&TIM). Students who have successfully completed the stipulated four modules in the MS(E&TIM)programme will be awarded B.Comp(EC) from NUS. At the end of the MS(E&TIM) programme, the students will be conferred the second degree – MS(E&TIM) from CMU. The intake to this B.Comp.(EC) - MS(E&TIM) concurrent programme will be limited by agreement between CMU and NUS. 2. Partner University: College of Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University The Carnegie Mellon University's College of Engineering ranks among the leaders in the world for engineering research and education. It offers a five-year joint bachelor's and master's degree in all five of the traditional majors, in addition to an accelerated master's programme in Engineering & Technology Innovation Management. 3. Programme structure This concurrent programme combines the Bachelor in Computing (Electronic Commerce) offered by the School of Computing, NUS, and MS in Engineering and Technology Innovation Management offered by the College of Engineering, CMU. The details of the Masters programme can be found at: http://www.cit.cmu.edu/etim/Structure.htm. The details are listed here: 2012/13 4. Admission requirements & procedure The admission and progress criteria comply with the requirements established by both CMU and NUS. A joint steering committee comprising at least one faculty representative from each of the two universities will oversee the programme. Students may enter the concurrent degree programme at any point during their undergraduate study at NUS although it is preferred that they declare their interest at NUS matriculation. Direct admission Local applicants with A-level certificate or its equivalent can apply for direct admission to this programme when they submit their undergraduate admission applications to NUS via http://www.nus.edu.sg/oam/. Applicants must select the ‘Computing (Information Systems Courses)' course before they can view the Concurrent Programme among the available choices. They will be chosen on the basis of their A-level grades (or equivalent), their interest profile in information systems studies, and a personal interview designed to judge their potential and suitability for the programme. During their course of study at NUS, students in the programme must maintain a high level of performance (CAP 4.20 and above) as judged by a joint steering committee. Students who do not meet this standard will be moved to the standard B.Comp(EC) programme at NUS. Admission to the Master's degree component of the programme, granted by the College of Engineering at CMU, will be based on the student's academic performance, and recommendations of the joint steering committee. Students will apply to CMU for admission to the MS (E&TIM) degree component of the Programme during the May-August period immediately preceding the CMU Spring semester in which the student is expected to commence the MS (E&TIM) degree component of the Programme at CMU In-progress admission Students who have not opted for direct admission, but are admitted to SoC Information Systems course at NUS, may also declare their interest at NUS matriculation. Selection criteria for these students will be similar to those for direct admission. Electronic Commerce students who are not granted direct entry into this Concurrent Programme but are accepted into the Department of Information Systems, may apply to the programme after their first year of studies. The call for applications will be announced to all existing students at an appropriate time. These students must demonstrate strong academic ability (gaining a CAP of 4.20 and above) and meet all criteria of the Concurrent Programme for BComp (EC). Admission of these students is subject to size constraint of the Concurrent Programme. Existing B.Comp(EC) students who have demonstrated strong academic abilities may be allowed to enter the programme at any stage of their study at NUS (subject to size constraints). These students are required to meet all the requirements of the programme. Admission to the Master's degree component of the programme, granted by the College of Engineering at CMU, will be based on the student's academic performance, and recommendations of a joint selection committee. Students will apply to CMU for admission to the MS (E&TIM) degree component of the Programme during the May-August period immediately preceding the CMU Spring semester in which the student is expected to commence the MS (E&TIM) degree component of the Programme at CMU. 5. Progression Criteria Students in this concurrent programme must maintain a Cumulative Average Point (CAP) of 4.20 or above (out of 5.00) for their B.Comp (EC) requirements. A student whose CAP falls below 4.20 for two consecutive semesters in NUS will not be allowed to remain in the concurrent programme, but may continue with his B.Comp(EC) study at NUS. Students who have completed the four core modules from the MS(E&TIM) programme but did not succeed in completing the entire MS(E&TIM) programme will only be awarded the BComp(EC) degree and not the MS(E&TIM) degree. 6. Tuition Fees Students will pay CMU tuition fees during the time they undertake instruction at CMU in partial fulfillment of the requirements of the concurrent degree. They will also provide their own medical insurance coverage. As far as possible, scholarship funding will be sought from iDA. 7. Degrees Students who satisfy the concurrent B.Comp(EC) - MS(E&TIM) degree requirements will be conferred both degrees.   8. Comparison of Tuition Fees and Duration This fast-track CDP provides excellent overseas experience at a fraction of the cost of an overseas undergraduate education and with a shorter time duration compared to doing an NUS undergraduate degree and the overseas Masters degree separately. For Singaporean students, the tuition fee for the 4-year CDP is approximately S$85,610 (subject to exchange rate conversion). In comparison, the tuition fees for a 4- year undergraduate degree at Carnegie Mellon University for non citizens (including mandatory college fees ranging between USD45,000 to USD50,000 per annum) is approximately S$228,800, and the tuition fees for a 4 year undergraduate degree followed by a Masters degree at CMU is approximately S$288,300. The typical duration of the CDP is 4.5 years in comparison with the total length of 5 years for doing the undergraduate and Master degree separately. Note : The information is based on estimated cost, your actual cost may be different. Please remember that tuition costs and college fees are also subject to change. 9. Enquiries Please direct all queries to comqww@nus.edu.sg with the subject clearly marked: "Concurrent Programme in Electronic Commerce with College of Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University (CDP-MS(E&TIM)-CMU)". 7fd   © Copyright 2001- National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Non- discrimination Computing Facilities Location & Venues Contact