www.nus.edu.sg/prog/bbalaw/overview.html
NUS Home | Search: in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search Home > Overview   Overview The Double Degree Programme in Business Administration and Law is a prestigious five-year programme offered jointly by the School of Business and the Faculty of Law. The programme is established in line with NUS' aim of attracting the best students from Singapore and around the world, keen on having a quality education and leveraging on inter-disciplinary opportunities in a university ranked amongst the world's best. "This double honours BBA-LLB degree is a very good idea and is indeed long overdue. The legal profession service today is not just about telling clients what the law is, but is also understanding the client and what they do in order to advise the client and offer them tailor-made solutions. As such, lawyers need to better understand and be closely tied with business, whether it's in finance, real estate, healthcare, intellectual property, venture capital, or even accounting. Knowledge of business and finance does give one a competitive edge. Given the complexity of the legal and commercial environment, I believe that graduates with training in both business and law will indeed be very much sought after." Mr Patrick Ang, Executive Committee Partner, Rajah & Tann     "As an employer committed to developing world-class talent, we welcome the initiative by NUS Business School to offer double-degree honours courses which gives students training in two disciplines within a shorter period of time. Business and law are two important areas of expertise in financial services, and having graduates with qualifications in both will be a definite advantage." Mr Aditya Mittal, Human Resource Director, Citibank Singapore Ltd     Business-Law Double Degree Program: Home | Search | Contact Us © Copyright 2001 onwards National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Last modified on 15 Nov, 2012 by    