www.quantumlah.org/main/forpublic.php
a32 CQT — For Public HOME PEOPLE RESEARCH PUBLICATIONS EVENTS JOIN US 1ffc What DO we do at CQT? In a nutshell, we explore the frontiers of quantum theory and seek to control light and matter at the quantum level. We are particularly interested in how quantum physics creates new possibilities in computing and communication. Here you can learn more about our research, our scientists and find some good resources for delving into quantum physics in even greater depth. Our Research Our Scientists Further Reading Events and activities Subscribe to our public events mailing list We offer the Unspeakable Series of public talks. Check here to see what's coming up. Our Principal Investigator Valerio Scarani is offering a free online course on Coursera.org starting in January 2014. The course ""Unpredictable? Randomness, Chance and Free Will" will run for eight weeks. In past years, we have run Quantum Shorts competitions for people to take inspiration from quantum physics: in 2012 we asked for short films and in 2013 for flash fiction. You can enjoy watching the films here and reading the stories here. Sign up to our mailing list to be informed about all public events arranged by CQT, including opportunities to meet us when we do things like take hands-on experiments to shopping malls. Contact Jenny Hogan or Evon Tan with any questions about events. We also regularly organize talks in schools and host school visits. Contact Valerio Scarani to find out more. Look into our labs If you want to see where experimental quantum research happens, click the image below to explore one of CQT's quantum matter labs in panorama: Highlights Keeping secrets in a world of spies and mistrust Meet a CQTian: Colin Teo Quantum physics secures new cryptography scheme NUS hosts Institute of Physics Singapore Meeting 2014 Meet a CQTian: Troy Lee Home About Us For Public For Visitors For Students For Media Contact Connect with us: To subscribe to our event annoucement mailing list, please fill in the form below. Name: Email:   HOME | PEOPLE | RESEARCH | PUBLICATIONS | EVENTS | JOIN US | INTRANET Copyright © 2007 - 2014   Centre for Quantum Technologies