www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/adminpolicy/changename.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Administrative Policies > Official Name Change   Verification of Official Name Change Important! Any changes in name must be accompanied by documentary proof. We will not update any changes without authentication. Your name captured in the University’s record as your Official Name will be printed on the various official documents issued by the University, in particular your degree scroll and academic transcript. If you have changed your name during your course of study but failed to inform the University in a timely manner and you have already been conferred your degree, then your name as presently reflected in our official records, will be inscribed on your degree scroll. No further requests for name changes will be entertained. You can verify your Official Name in myISIS. Please refer to the user guide on “View/Update Personal Information” in myISIS webpage for the steps. Official Name Change If you have officially/legally changed your name during your course of study, you should inform the University of the change at your first opportunity. Please do the following:  complete the Request Form for Official Name Change; bring completed form with the original and one copy of the relevant supporting documents for verification by staff at the Student Service Centre (Yusof Ishak House, Level 1, National University of Singapore, 31 Lower Kent Ridge Road) during operating hours; submit the form with one copy of the relevant supporting documents to the Registrar’s Office, either through the Student Service Centre or:   by post: Registrar’s Office, National University of Singapore, 21 Lower Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119077; or by email: Please send a scanned copy to regenquiry@nus.edu.sg; or by fax: Fax No. (65) 67786371. Relevant supporting documents are: - Your Identity Card; or  - Your PassportStudents with long names: Please note that names that exceed 70 characters (including spaces) will be abbreviated. Quick Links Update of Personal Particulars Official/Legal Change of Name Change in Citizenship Change in IC/Passport Enquiries       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office