www.tmsi.nus.edu.sg/mmrl/swimms.htm
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search Home About Us Mission Statement Contact Us People Staff Collaborators Education Research Introduction Dolphin Communication Cognition Bio-mimetic Underwater Sensing Acoustic Signal Processing Human Cross Modal Sensory Perception - Other Applications Singapore Wild Marine Mammal Survey SEAWIMMS Introduction Species Sighting Map Resources Online sightings report SWIMMS Introduction Species Sighting Map Resources Marine Mammal ID Quiz Online sightings report Publications Resources Technical Database Links Announcements                                                                                             About the Project Pilot studies by TMSI have shown that several species of coastal dolphins, the finless porpoise and the dugong are sighted in Singapore waters. It appears likely that Singapore and neighbouring waters are important for coastal and riverine marine mammals by collectively forming a habitat for these animals (all listed in CITES Appendix I or II). However, information to support this concept is very limited. With increasing coastal development and climate changes, continued monitoring of marine mammals is essential to ensure their long-term survival. The Singapore Wild Marine Mammal Survey (SWiMMS), a research project funded by the Wildlife Reserves Singapore Conservation Fund (WRSCF), aims to monitor wild dolphins, porpoises and dugongs in the sea around Singapore by establishing a volunteer network and reporting system to extend our field studies. Species around Singapore and the nearby region It is established that 4 cetaceans species and 1 sirenian species could be spotted in the region. Click here for the sighting map. Cetacean species: The Indo-Pacific humpback dolphin (Sousa chinensis) The Indian Ocean bottlenose dolphin (Tursiops aduncus) The Irrawaddy dolphin (Orcaella brevirostris) The Finless porpoise (Neophocaena phocaenoides) Sirenian species: The Dugong Dugong dugon How do you identify the different marine mammals in Singapore? Try our Marine Mammal Identification Quiz.   Resources Learn more about the types of behaviour exhibited by marine mammals.   Please Help us Report Sightings We invite you to be part of this exciting research. Tell us if you spot a marine mammmal. There are several ways to report a sighting: Fill up a hard copy of the sightings form available at several locations and drop them into the collection boxes or hand them over to the counter staff. Fill up an online sightings form on our webpage. Call us at 6516 5587 / 8100 8022 (SMS). One of our friendly staff will be available to help you with your sighting. Mail or fax a copy of the sightings form (available for download here in word and pdf format) to 6776 1455. Email us at swimms@nus.edu.sg. You CAN make a difference! If you would like to volunteer for SWiMMS, please reigster with us by clicking here. Funded by:                                                                                                                                                                                               Â© Copyright 2001-2009 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 28 July, 2011 byMMRL