www.nus.edu.sg/registrar/event/registration-infointstudents.html
National University of Singapore myEMAIL ivle library maps calendar sitemap contact   Search in NUS Websites Internet Staff Directory Advanced Search About Us Our Structure Our Contacts Our Space Prospective Students Academic Calendar Admissions Undergraduate Programmes Graduate Programmes Non-graduating Programmes Fees Undergraduate Graduate Current Students Student Services myISIS Student Card Matters Student Status Letters Transcripts and Records Fees Undergraduate Graduate Announcements Graduated Students Transcripts and Records Degree Scrolls Commencement Degree Verification Access Restriction of eThesis Registrar's Office Education At NUS Education at NUS Modular System Undergraduate Graduate AwardsAcademic Calendar Administrative Policies Responsibility for Notices/Circulars   and Updates of Personal Particulars Acceptance Record Full-time Students and Employment Leave of Absence Grading Policy & Exam Process Transcripts and Records Graduation Discipline Ethics Review of Student Research Non-Discrimination Statement NUS Statutes and Regulations Events Registration Module Enrolment (CORS) Student Feedback Exercise Examination S/U Option DeclarationSpecial Term CommencementNUS BulletinDownloadable forms Students & Graduate Statistics Home > Events > Registration > Information for International Students   Information for International Students Student's Pass Matters Accommodation Pre-Departure Information Meet-n-Greet Service Orientation Talks   Student's Pass Matters For ALL Full Time international students who need a student's pass for their studies in Singapore, the University has registered your student's pass application via the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) Student's Pass Online Application & Registration (SOLAR) System. Once the University has successfully registered the candidate, the candidate will be asked to verify the accuracy of the following information that have been entered into the SOLAR system: Name Sex Date of Birth Nationality SOLAR Application Number (to be informed by the University) For cases of misspellings of Name or mistakes in the Date of Birth, the candidate should inform the University immediately, which would then cancel the earlier registration & re-submit a fresh one. If the information is correct, the candidate is to log into the SOLAR System via the Internet by keying in the 5 mandatory fields of SOLAR Application No, Name, Date of Birth, Sex, Nationality (in that order). The System will match the record and once that has been verified correct, the applicant will then proceed to the Main Menu Screen. If there is no match, a message will be shown. If accepted, the candidate will then proceed to fill up Form 16 via the SOLAR system. The system will verify whether the applicant has made any earlier submission of Form 16 (i.e. accepted another offer from another institute of higher learning or from another Faculty). Of all the information listed in Form 16, only the following fields are mandatory: Marital Status Race Religion Country of Birth List of Countries Applicant has Resided for past 5 years (at least one country) Antecedent (must indicate either “Yes” or “No” answers) Declaration (must be checked) *Note: Other fields like the Passport Number is optional. It is important that you login to the SOLAR System to access to complete Form 16, submit a digital photograph and pay the processing fee of $30. All of these have to be done before ICA will process your student's pass application. If there is a change in the passport number after submission of Form 16, the candidate can just amend the details on the printed Form 16 before completing the formalities at ICA. Once the application has been approved, you will receive an In-Principle Approval letter (IPA), which may be given prior to or during the enrollment exercise. Please note that candidates without the IPA will not be granted the student's pass later. At the immigration checkpoint upon your arrival, please present (a) the original In-Principle Approval letter (IPA), if you have received it, and (b) your valid passport to the Duty Officer. You will then be issued with a Special Pass/Social Visit Pass, normally valid for four weeks. During this period, you have to complete your registration procedures. At the Registration Centre, you have to get the following documents/items ready for the Student's Pass application: Copy of the IPA letter* Passport and photocopy of the passport (biodata page) Disembarkation & Embarkation card (IMM 27) Printout of the Student's Pass application form (Form 16) from SOLAR, duly signed One recent colour passport-sized photograph, attached to the top right corner of the form The original copy of the completed medical report, X-ray report and laboratory report (must be in English) Scholarship letter, if applicable   *After your registration, your IPA letter will be stamped. For students who did not receive the IPA letter before departure, a copy will be issued to you at the Registration Centre. ICA will set up a booth at the Registration Centre (MPSH1) during the scheduled dates for registration to allow international students to submit the necessary documents for the student's pass application. Before reporting at the Registration Centre, students should have made payment for the Student's Pass. Students are advised to make online payment via credit card at the SOLAR website. Alternatively, you can pay by cash or NETS at any SingPost post office. For payment at SingPost, please note that an administrative fee may be charged by SingPost and that you are required to bring along the receipt when you report at the ICA booth at the Registration Centre. For students who can only register after the scheduled period for registration, they must make an e-appointment via the ICA website to complete the student's pass application at the ICA Building directly (which is located at 10 Kallang Road, beside Lavender MRT Station). Students should refer to the ICA website for more details. Extension of Student's Pass With effect from 1 March 2005, all applications for extension of student's pass has to be submitted through the online system, SOLAR. Students applying for an extension of the student's pass are advised to submit the application using the Application for Extension of Student's Pass form at least one month and not more than 2 months before the expiry date of the current student's pass. Please note that it is an offence to overstay without a valid pass. You must surrender your current student's pass at ICA for cancellation at least 7 days before the date of expiry, at which a short term visit pass will be issued for you to complete the formalities for the issuance of the new student's pass. Candidates may be requested by the ICA to go for another medical examination at the point of renewal, which must be done in Singapore. Students should refer to the ICA website for more details. Replacement of Student's Pass Current students who have lost their student's pass will be required to submit the following to the ICA when applying for a replacement: a police report - those who lost their student's pass overseas will have to make another report when they come back. a letter from the Registrar’s Office (the student has to provide the start & expiry date of the lost student's pass). If the student is currently abroad and needs a visa to come back, he/she will have to enter Singapore on a tourist visa. Students should refer to the ICA website for more details. Dependant's Pass Holders A Dependant’s Pass holder who wishes to study in the University is also required to apply for a Student’s Pass. The University will register the student's pass application via the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) Student's Pass Online Application & Registration (SOLAR) System. However, if the duration of the course is shorter than the duration of the Dependant's Pass, the student may opt to be issued with a Letter of Consent (LOC) to study in the institute. A Dependant's Pass holder requesting for a LOC to study in the University must indicate his/her intention in writing to ICA. The student must submit a copy of the eForm 16, a copy of his/her travel document particulars page and the letter indicating his/her intention to be issued with a LOC to ICA. The documents can be submitted to ICA at the Student's Pass Unit or sent to ICA by post. The LOC will be sent to the student by post. Back to Top   Accommodation There are approximately 6,000 residential places on campus distributed between the various halls of residence and student residences.For more information on accommodation options and application, please visit the Hostel Admission Services webpage.     Back to Top   Others: Pre-Departure Information, Meet-n-Greet Service, Orientation Briefing International students who have been awarded either the President’s Graduate Fellowship, the Lee Kong Chian Graduate Scholarship or the Research Scholarship, are advised to have S$1,000 to tide you over the period until you receive the payment of the first stipend. The International Student Section of the Office of Student Affairs offers a complete range of services to international students, which include the provision of pre-departure, student's pass application and other important information, the Airport Meet-n-Greet Service, Orientation Talks, as well as programmes to assist international students in adjusting to living in Singapore. Please visit the following webpage for more information: International Student Section (Office of Student Affairs)   Back to Top   Quick Links Registration Main Page Registration Guides Submission of Photograph for Student Card (for Undergraduate Students only) Pre-Registration System Acceptance Record Student's Pass Social Visit Pass Application for Late Registration Form (for Undergraduate Students only) Office of Student Affairs Student Service Centre University Health Centre ---FAQs--- Undergraduate Graduate Non-Graduating ---Contact Us--- Undergraduate Graduate Non-Graduating       © Copyright 2001-2011 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination Site Map | Feedback |Campus MapLast modified on 21 March, 2011 by Registrar's Office