www.epress.nus.edu.sg/
NUS Publishing Home > The Singapore E-Press                 The Singapore E-Press: The Singapore E-Press is a project of NUS Publishing, and aims to provide a platform for online, open-access publications from Singapore-based research teams. The E-Press includes reference material, an electronic journal as well as materials supplemental to books published in the traditional way. It is currently running on open source software, including our own systems, and the Open Journal System (OJS), a software developed by the Public Knowledge Project of the University of British Columbia. The OJS journal platform includes a peer-review management tool to help journal editors, a research support tool to link creatively to supplemental research material, community tools like e-mail notification and bulletin boards, as well as digital library features like OAI-compliant metadata. Texts can be published in .pdf, postscript, html and xml formats. (For information on using the E-Press platform for your journal or other research materials, please contact NUS Publishing.)reference material on the Singapore E-Press Southeast Asia in the Ming Shi-lu This work identifies all of 3000+ references to Southeast Asia contained within the Ming Dynasty reign annals, and provides them to readers in English-language translation. The database is indexed for place- and personal names, and is fully searchable. In addition to the more obvious polities of maritime and mainland Southeast Asia, the database also includes references to many Yunnan Tai polities that have since been incorporated within the Chinese state. This unique reference is a project of the Asia Research Institute and The Singapore E-Press, both of National University of Singapore. journals on the Singapore E-Press The Heritage Journal Open-access e-Journal recently launched by Singapore's National Heritage Board. Covers museology, Singapore and Southeast Asian history, cultural resource management, art history, archeaology and questions of museum practice. other material NUS Publishing: Documents Online This is an online, open-access archive of papers and other material related to various books of interest. We use this archive to publish open access material and materials supplemental to published books. Each 'volume' in this archive represents material related to or drawn from a different book, some published by us, some published by colleagues. We currently have material for two books online, including the full text of the endnotes for Brian Farrell's Defence and Fall of Singapore: 1940-41, recently published, and the full text of Academic Publishing in ASEAN: Problems and Prospects (1986).other open access journals published in Singapore other resources Directory of Open Access Journals The single best index of open access journals. Hosted by Lund University, Sweden. Growing quickly!                   Last Modified on 22-07-2004   NUS Publishing Home | Search | Contact Us © Copyright 2001-04 National University of Singapore. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Non-discrimination  